BANG FOR THE BUCK

Once again...

(Andy C)
My soul is not for sale!
got a one track mind goin' off the rail
as i, save the day
what i mean to say
is ugly duckling's on the mic
like a green beret.

No grammies or platinum plaques
no chicks with fake noses
or plastic racks
just raps off of tracks made from plastic wax
i'll pass diz the mic then he'll pass it back

(Dizzy Dustin)
Hey! what's happ'nin?
you ready for action?
hands get to clappin, the place is packed-in
B-boys backspin, the DJ's scratchin
the roof is on fire and im holdin the matches. (ooh whee!)

Flows so cold it'll runny your nose
I'll stomp a mudhole, and muddy your clothes
I'm harder than the hardest, hard as hard can get
Andy C, heat it up like a bag of bricquettes

(Andy C)
Some cat gave us a bad review,
well i read what you said, and i laugh at you,
but thats cool, do what you have to do
we dont give a rat's ass if you clap or boo

(Chorus)
We got bang for the buck, bang for the buck,
locked and loaded up with bang for the buck,
bang for the buck, bang for the buck,
rockin on the cut with bang for the buck,
bang for the buck, (bang!) bang for the buck, (bang!)
locked and loaded up with bang for the buck,
bang for the buck, (bang!) bang for the buck, (bang!)
lock! load it up, let it go! (rrrah!)

(stop, look, and listen, cause your ???) (x2)
(ladies and gentleman, once again, back by popular demand!)

(Dizzy Dustin)
On you marks, get set, now im ready for rhymin'
Imma' catch wreck like trains collidin'
I stick to my guns like gum in a holster
and come high noon, you'll be hung like a poster.

Im straight to the point like a bayonnette
mic's melt in my hand like a raisonette
i spit random words like a (???)
you want bang for the buck?
place your bets!

(Andy C)
I got bang for the buck like a prostitute
in the group with a rep you cannot repute
as i move to the light, im in hot pursuit
with success in my sight, so ive got to shoot
and its, locked and loaded, hammercock exploded
its best not to hold it (hot!)
you'll get scolded
stop, then reload it, definitely
cause onstage, the mic's like a weapon to me.

(Dizzy Dustin)
Einstien rocked a phat loop before he wore a tracksuit
back in the day, when brother J had his black boots (sucking sound)
I got lungs like a vacuum, and imma blow it up like your bathroom

(Chorus 2)
I got bang for the buck, bang for the buck,
you wanna knuckle up? i got bang for the buck,
bang for the buck, bang for the buck
Einstien on the cut, bang!

(Chorus)
bang for the buck, (bang!) bang for the buck, (bang!)
locked and loaded up with bang for the buck,
bang for the buck, (bang!) bang for the buck, (bang!)
lock! load it up, let it go! (rrrah!)

(stop, look, and listen, cause your ???) (x2)
(ladies and gentleman, once again, back by popular demand!)

If you like what you hear, then clap
Put your hands in the air and clap,
If you like what you hear, Put your hands in the air and clap,
clap...(end)
