THIS LOVE (VERSÃO EM INGLÊS)

This love (Yea, yea, yea)
I gotta holla about my girl full of amazing
(Yea, yea, yea) Let?s do it ch?all

Yea, it?s really taking me from high-low
Let?s see, where should I begin?
The club on Friday night yo
Just having a good?ol time yo
The music?s banging; people?s like ?word?
But there was one that caught my eye, so 
I just had to get closer to her
She?s super-fly yo, I must confess some
I?m thinking, ?Damn I need her? with a lovin? gesture
I?m about to hit her with a, ?How you?ve been?
?You don?t remember me?? ?Hey!?
Instead I?ll stick with the traditional, ?Hi, what?s you?re name??
I be the Gd, I?m a cool gentleman
Check out my melody, the flavor straight like your cinnamon
Feel the adrenaline; I?m pumpin? for your honey lovin?
It?s all about the two of us getting together, 
now that?s what I?m saying

Chorus:
This love got me high, I?m soarin?
Baby girl, you know I live for it
And I?ll never ever hurt you
Without you, there?s no life in me
This love got me proud to show it
Ain?t no doubt, I?ma keep on holding
And it?s on til forevermore, well baby
On and on, you know we have each other?s back yo

(Whoa) Baby got them looks so deadly
And every time I think about her, man I get chills
Blessed with her beauty, yea that?s for real
You know that?s she?s my only love
My only love baby

(Yea) She?s steady by me
And no one phasin? mommy
She holds her game and that?s the way she fully gains control
You ain?t never wanna test her
It?s surely for the best yo
Unless you wanna mess around, don?t say I never warned ya
These type of girls, they goin? everyday (everyday)
It just don?t stop, it comes like every way (every way)
My baby got it locked, and she came to bless me, yes we
Gon? definitely reach our destiny

Repeat Chorus

(Whoa) Baby got them looks so deadly
And every time I think about her, man I get chills
Blessed with her beauty, yea that?s for real
You know that?s she?s my only love
My only love baby

(Yea)Come girl now take my hand (Oh)
Let us love until the end (?til the end)
Never gonna let you go
Baby we are both so deep in this (No, no, no, no)
Not a second I regret (Oh)
Gonna cherish all of it (All of it)
So amazing glad I found ya
Got me crazy for your loveliness
Once again?

Repeat Chorus

This love ?.

Hey J, look at me
After you left, it ain?t the same
I?m not what I used to be
It hurts so much you know?
I need you girl
Always, one-time
This love
