WIDE OPEN

You see this for my ladies and they whips
Some shiny on they lips, fine linen and they got it
Expensive ... on they hips, put they ... 
Real tight and they stance real good
And talk like the suburbs but live in the hood
Probably drive some clean and act real mean
And don't let so many weird niggas get all in between
They all about they money, never gettin lazy
2 letters, 2 words nigga if you pay me

... I'm in the streets, all over these bees
Got your girl...caps resting my feet
Cause she like hot and I'm hot too
She don't mess with lame nigga, and that's why she dropped you
She buy her own drinks and I'm buyign the bottles
Face fine as wine and she swishy and a model
And I like that, I love it, she always let me grab it
And she know I love a girl that know when ...

Girl, pop your butt, drop it down and pick it up
Now on your back, for a stack, turn around and make it clap
Now bust it wide open, open, open, open, open
Now bust it wide open, open, open, open, open

One time, one time, they call me pin it down plus I'm putting ...
If you were the bizness trying to get it baby let's go
Send the ... home to 3 80 where the rest go
When I get the ... and I'm passing it to so
Put me to the test though, ...you can call it a 2 some
If your man hating tell that nigga come and do some
He could cross the line but look at ... I beat that deuce one
Come, come get it, I'ma make you wanna beg
I'ma beat it, I'ma be the mayweather and them legs jay
Huh, I ... natalie and ashley... nasty
And I ain't even trying to be really rude
But I don't touch it if it smell like sea food
I know you feel it bitch ... the realest
So you better call the cops cause a nigga fin to kill it

Girl, pop your butt, drop it down and pick it up
Now on your back, for a stack, turn around and make it clap
Now bust it wide open, open, open, open, open
Now bust it wide open, open, open, open, open

It's millie man, I'm buzzing in the streets though
You are my ... that's where all the freaks go,
I was here to ... at the bird throw
So all the bitches say I got a big ego
And ... hoes, britney, fuck the bitch in houston
So it's rip to whitney
We was taking drugs, I think her name was lindsay
She just wanna f, so I bought her up some fendi
I play it like some keys, and double up on women
They double up on ... I'ma fuck your auntey
Then I'ma fuck your niece,
Hands behind the back like, I was the police
Make it bust it open, let me see that ass go
She real fine reminding me of my last hoe
And my brollies told me she was a bad..
But I ain't know that a girl can drop it that low

Girl, pop your butt, drop it down and pick it up
Now on your back, for a stack, turn around and make it clap
Now bust it wide open, open, open, open, open
Now bust it wide open, open, open, open, open
