PAUL REVERE

Oh yeah
Now here's a little story - i've gots to tell
About three bad brothers - you know so well
It started way back in history
With bobby, dan, jimmy kalin, and me - the big z.
Had a little horsy named paul revere
Just me and my horsy and a quart of beer
Riding across the land - kicking up sand
Sheriff's posse on my tail cause i'm in demand
One lonely beastie i be
All by myself - without nobody
The sun is beating down on my cowboy hat
The air is gettin' hot - the beer is getting flat
Lookin' for a girl - i ran into a guy
His name is dan wistrom, i said, "howdy" - he said, "hi"


He told a little story - that sounded well rehearsed
Four days on the run and that he's dying of thirst
The brew was in my hand - and he was on my tip
His voice was hoarse, his throat was dry - he asked me for a sip
He said, "can i get some?"
I said, "you can't get none!"
Had a chance to run
He pulled out his shotgun
He was quick on the draw - i thought i'd be dead
He put the gun to my head and this is what he said,


"my name is ala-dan - i've got a license to kill
I think you know what time it is - it's time to get ill
Now what do we have here - an outlaw and his beer
I run this land, you understand - i make myself clear."
We stepped into the wind - he had a gun, i had a grin
You think this story's over but it's ready to begin
Help me now..


"now i got the gun - you got the brew
You got two choices of what you can do
It's not a tough decision as you can see
I can blow you away or you can ride with me"
I said, "i'll ride with you if you can get me to the border
John thompson's after me for what i did to his daughter
I did it like this - i did it like that
Yo, i did it with a whiffleball bat
So i'm on the run - the cop's got my gun
And right about now - it's time to have some fun
The king zachariah - that is my name
And i know the fly spot where they got the champagne, where they got champagne, oh yeah, dan wistrom take a little solo now."

Now we rode for six hours the we hit the spot
The beat was a bumping and the girlies was hot
This dude was staring like he knows who we are
We took the empty spot next to him at the bar
Now danny said, "yippy-yo, you know this kid?"
I said, "i didn't." - but i know he did
The kid said, "get ready cause this ain't funny
My name's jim kalin and i'm about to get money."
Pulled out the banjo - aimed it at the sky
He yelled, "stick 'em up!" - and let two fly
Hands went up and people hit the floor
He wasted two kids that ran for the door
'cause he's jimmy kalin and he gets respect
Your cash and your jewelry is what he expect
Now bobby was with it and he's my ace
So i grabbed the piano player and i punched him in the face
The piano player's out - the music stopped
His boy had beef - and he got jimmy kalin grabbed the gold
I grabbed two girlies and a beer that's cold, and a beer that's cold
Oh yeah, and i drank it so cold and bubbling
