NO... SAY NO

Look, I need to talk to you to tell you what I'm bout to do.
And I need your help to stop me cuz I gotta girl at home that loves me.

Boy, I got myself in a tight situation, bout 5'5" long hair with brown eyes.
Heard about ya(?) and I can't escape it
Oh it ain't no use in trying so come on out, come on out, I know you're in there I need you now
cuz I'm about to lose it all and you're the only one I can call on..

Know if you hear me I need you,
know if you're listening I'm in trouble.
Know if you're there I'm falling and I can't get up so hurry up and just say no...no, no. no say no.

Now I'm in the hotel elevator on my way up to her room
Where she's waitin on me to lay it down
And do whatever as long as I make her feel good, good, good.
Boy I got myself in a tight situation, bout 5'5" long hair with brown eyes.
Heard about ya (?) and I can't escape it ohhh there aint no use in tryin',
So come on out, come on out.
I know you're in there i need you now,
Cuz I'm about to lose it all and you're the only one I can call on.

Know if you hear me I need you,
Know if you're listening I'm in trouble.
Know if you're there I'm falling and I can't get up so hurry up and just say no.

Please get me back to my girlfriend who'ss waitin' at home,
Get me back tonight wtihout doing wrong a
And I promise, promise, promise, promise, promise, promise, promise I'll never ever do it again.

So come on out, come on out.
I know you're in there i need you now,
Cuz I'm about to lose it all and you're the only one I can call on.
Know if you hear me I need you,
Know if you're listening I'm in trouble.
Know if you're there I'm falling and I can't get up so hurry up and just say no. No...say no.

Cuz you got me in a room and im feelin' kinda weak, (no, no, no)
Leadin' me to the bed (no...say no)
But I don't wanna cheat (no, no, no)
She just turned out the lights (no...say no)
And put my hands on her thighs, (no, no, no)
And it feels so good but I know this ain't right (no...say no)
And I wanna go home, no, take me home, no, I'm in trouble, no get me my phone.......
