KNOCKIN DA BOOTS

Yeah, we doin this one for all da ladies. Ha...H-town boys.
Kickin it with my boy luc.
Fo da '93 you know what im sayin?
‘cause we will be knockin da boots
G.I. Shazzam and dino
They gon' do something a lil sexy like you know what im sayin?
Yo, check da verse...

A late night I thought to back to when we made good love
Listening to some Marvin Gaye all night long
But I want that whole thing back
Make these moments once again go right
So wontcha, so wontcha, do it for us babe

Good loving body rockin' knockin boots all night long, yeah
Making love until we're tired, till the break of dawn.oh come on
Oh come on and turn the lights down and let me get on it yeah
Cause when I do just me and you, it'll be so right

Give me some good love (some body rockin, knockin da boots)
Give me some good love (some body rockin, knockin da boots)
Some body rockin baby, Give me some good love (some body rockin, knockin da boots)
That's all I need, I need, Give me some good love (some body rockin, knockin da boots)

I feel so good when I'm near you
That's why I always wanna be close to you
Im so addicted, im so addicted to making love to you baby
All night long baby, all night long long long 

Good loving body rockin' knockin boots all night long, oh oh
Making love until we're tired, till the break of dawn.ohh come on
Oh come on and turn the lights down and let me get on it,oh
Cause when I do just me and you, it'll be so right so right so right

Give me some good love (some body rockin, knockin da boots)
Give me some good love (some body rockin, knockin da boots)
That's all I want baby yeah, Give me some good love (some body rockin, knockin da boots)
Give me some good love (some body rockin, knockin da boots)
Some sweet rocking, some sweet love (some body rockin, knockin da boots)
Giving you mounts of pleasure cause im ready (some body rockin, knockin da boots)
Im so ready, im so ready baby (some body rockin, knockin da boots)
To give you every thing that we've been waiting on so come on and give it to me babe (some body rockin, knockin da boots)

Aww yea..right about now were in the intermission tip
So all you ladies go get your towels you know what im saying..
Hah..cause its laid out like that you know?
But wait a minute we aint through. kick the amp.

Woaahh oh ooohh
Ooooohh aww babe
I want your good touch lady
You hearin me my baby?
Its driving me crazy (some body rockin, knockin da boots)
So wontcha come on
Come and rock my body, rock my body baby
Go on and rock my body
Yeah, I wanna lay you down ( some body rockin knockin da boots)
So let me make some sweet love
(until fade)
