SOUND

Yes Sir
Yes Sir

Thriteen letters man ..
We gona take a lil look at the letter that Paul wrote to Titus.
And I'm praying that  it will help us see how we can apply,
get a brief overview, and encourage further study.

(Yea lets get it)

Lets take a look at the letter Paul wrote to Titus, yea we bout to dive in,
I hope you'r exited (c',mon)

fo sho it's inspired lets go and aply it,
arrive at conclusions useful to giving
Christ the glories that he deserves,
the stories is in his word
Titus is all about giving glory at his church from Paul
. . . a bonservant to Titus . . .They both serving

Both serving Christ with their life with the must urgence,
Titus was his disciple he him in Crete, Why?
To keep the church in order, his lessons complete . . .

With rules about elders fools who need helpand,
jews who do fail stay tunes to see what he tells us,
it may seem far from us, just irrelevent text

"What if we not pastors?" ("but just rest for a second") "ok"
I promise I'll bring it home, let's invest in the text (c *mon)
I'm about to hit you with the hook
I be addressing it next.

Let's be sound in faith,
the doctrine in speech plus deeds rep.
Jesus the king, let him lead us please plus
we see he told us how we must be less, read and trust Jesus who freed us

please in our faith the doctrine's is speech
plus deeds rep Jesus the king let him lead us
please plus we see he told us how we must be
less we dun trust Jesus who freed us please

Paul told them elders need to be above approach
with love and hope and livin in all the stuff he spoke,
but then there are those who wear the clothes of elders
but bear the woes of false teachers not speaking truth.

so don't select those, correct those men(correct 'em)
and defy'em they tryin'
they say they know God, but by they deeds they deny' em.

1:5-9 are the type of cats we wanna pick,
for leadership within the church them other cats
we' pose to fix

but hold up, don't tune me out
I hope that you endure and see
that these things are really marks of a mature believer
we can see that and apply it to our own livin,
instead of sinnin trippin and livin with no vision,
don't miss the catch too (really?)
it adresses me and you and everybody
with some lessons we can use
se read it all and pick the parts that seem to be to you
Live  out the sound doctrine, let people see the fruit.

Let's be sound in faith,
the doctrine in speech plus deeds rep.
Jesus the king, let him lead us please plus
we see he told us how we must be less, read and trust Jesus who freed us

please in our faith the doctrine's is speech
plus deeds rep Jesus the king let him lead us
please plus we see he told us how we must be
less we dun trust Jesus who freed us please

(YEA) Let be blameless and show consideration for man
(why?) cuz we was just like them before he saved us within(ok!)
It wasn't strange we had rage and hatred for man, (man)
disobedient deceased and enslaved to our sin (slaved)

But he saved us, not on the basis of man,
but thanks to his mercy regeneration begins,
Poured out his holy spirit man he placed it within,
justified by grace thats so amazing for man,
if we see this, believe this we saved and freed.

We say "Jesus lead us to engage in deeds
forget foolish controversy and stay in sync
with he who saved us, and raised us his name is sweet.

(c'mon) I pray that as the body of Christ we model this life,
and reference the book of Titus to follow him right,
and we're an accurate reflects and as his beautiful church,
and let us rep him with our words and our beautiful work.

Let's be sound in faith,
the doctrine in speech plus deeds rep.
Jesus the king, let him lead us please plus
we see he told us how we must be less, read and trust Jesus who freed us

please in our faith the doctrine's is speech
plus deeds rep Jesus the king let him lead us
please plus we see he told us how we must be
less we dun trust Jesus who freed us please
