LADY OF DEATH

She was screaming at the sky
With her arms outstretched
Head high and no fear of God in her eyes
I couldn't help but stare
She was so God damn beautiful and so self-aware
I felt her draw me in
I was moving but couldn't control a single limb
I heard her hum, then my ears went numb
And with her perfect teeth and perfect tongue, she asks me

"How does it feel? Oh, how does it feel
To know everything you thought to be true isn't real? "
And her voice is lovely as she sings
"Drink it in... Have you ever seen oh so many
Beautiful things destroyed in one piece? "
"Ain't it grand? Breathe it in
Have you ever seen how we color everything? "
"Well, sometimes it's all black and white. "

With that she touches my temple and I tremble
I can't breathe and I fall to my knees
My eyes are wide and projecting out on the street
like a movie screen
But with every scene I feel the grief
and all the pain of every death
Of every final thought that left a brain
I feel the weight of everyone
Of all the sorrow, all the people who were never loved
And she asks me

"How does it feel? Oh, how does it feel to know
Everything you thought to be true isn't real? "
And her voice is lovely as she sings
"Drink it in... Have you ever seen oh
So many beautiful things destroyed in one piece? "
"Ain't it grand? Breathe it in
Have you ever seen how we color everything? "
"Well sometimes it's all black and white. "
"... So why put up a fight? "

Then it all went dark, till I awoke in a room of white
The sound of my heart beating out of
My chest and the glare of floodlights
I hear them speak but I can't make out a thing
(Death is but frequency we all will feel eventually)
I see her face covered up by a mask
and she's saying something
(Death is but a frequency we all will feel eventually)
Oh but the voice is different

So everybody sing! Drink it in!
Can't you see that we are the many
Beautiful things that make up one piece?
Ain't it grand? Breathe it in!
Have you ever seen how we color everything?
Well, nobody bleeds black and white
Nobody bleeds black and white
