LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL

You know the beat-down is critical, whenever tricks
played by the devil make me cynical, think of the opposites
tell me... would you rather pack a briefcase and paperchase or
throw down stacks in vegas?
outrageous livin' everyday is blazin hot & large
smother you with all the latest exaggerations
sedated, inebriated soul charged with emotions
take a swig of this to see the universe frozen, mm... I like that!

11am nesugoshita shuu no hajimari
douryou ni 1 call (sorry I'll be late, but I'll be there as soon as possible)
anata kara no chakushin wa nai kedo
kamawazu shitaku & dasshu shita
you know she came through that door like she said it before... we livin' astro

iki kirashite kakeoriru to
hora tick-tack-toe wasuremono
toorisugari no inu made mo bow-wow-wow what a day! sore ga jinsei

yama ari tani ari, demo onaji kazu dake no hareru hi mo aru kara
I don't wanna be blue... never wanna be blue
jumon wo tonaeru, mune ni tsubuyaku
nani wa tomo are just life is... something like that

I float in space... watch you walkin' through the golden gate
the phase that I pass is like a glitch, how can I miss that?
the risk factor is astronomical
sound effects spark imaginations, every syllable
is crisp and clear, once upon a time I felt like god was light years away
but he said, "fear no man, " then my eyes opened
forget the lies of deceiving mouths and rise from the dark to see the light
beautiful in the eyes of the beholder
I wrote a thousand letters, signed and delivered, but I can't find the
right words to describe this vibe
looking at my francks' it's about that time
hey yo, think about it for sec, it ain't hard to see
we-dress-to-kill
live from the city that don't know how to sleep
tell me how-you-feel
ooh... I'm all shook up!

iki aisugite surechigaezu
hora zig-zag to tango suteppu no you
toorisugiru toki ni uinku
wakuwakuwaku what a day! what a good day!

yama ari tani mo aru, demo onaji kazu dake no hareru hi mo aru kara
I don't wanna be blue never be blue
jumon wo tonaeru, mune ni tsubuyaku
nani wa tomo are just life is beautiful

days will pass
imagine, what if this day was your last?
it's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder, you know it makes me wanna
sou ne
we be swingin' to bring it to the minute so feel it
m-flo and we do it like this!

yama ari tani mo aru, demo onaji kazu dake no hareru hi mo aru kara
I don't wanna be blue never wanna be blue
jumon wo tonaeru
mune ni tsubuyaku
nani wa tomo are just life is just... what!

yama ari tani mo aru, demo onaji kazu dake no hareru hi mo aru kara
I don't wanna be blue never be blue
jumon wo tonaeru
mune ni tsubuyaku
aruite yuku
I am gonna make it through!
nani wa tomo are just life is beautiful
