REEWIND

I really, really like (m-flo)
Let me show you (baby this is how we do)
dakara motto...

Don't call it a comeback! Neta atsumeteta to stack chips
Kakujitsu media light ooru access
Smash hits dake deliver to your jimoto
Galactic de hit ya wit the original flow
Backstage inakya mada in the studio
Kibakuzai to naru kyoku ready to hirou
Uh! Rap and tap(Ho!) shiteru dake janee
Intaapuranetarii show no hajimari

The other day futari sure chigaisou
Ni natte sono toki smelled his cologne omoi dashita kare no koto
And our memories furimuite mite mireba it was he
Who just broke my heart sou ano toki dareka tell me
Was this meant to be? "Kocchimuite yo"
Sou omottemo kare wa mou he don't feel me like before
Chikakutemo kyori kanjiru no baby boy is that so?
That's how it's gonna go my way tonight

I'm gonna go my way tonight
Warui kedo boy you ain't fly ii wake kikitakunai
That's why I should say good bye
Wasurete I won't look back fui ni left me just like that
Yeah...no...boy... you got to go

Get-te-te-out! Get-te-te-out!
Crystal akasatana hamayara what!
I'm like no other imada katsutenai
Kore wa uso na lie janaku hontodai!
Sukoshi sneaky sly lover gets me high
Dakara let me ride tonari on your side
To bessekai Hollywood bum yamagaji
So caution! watashi sajikagen shirazu ashi
Hakobu to everywhere (Watchout!) soko no ko
Kuri's with m-flo (Kore kara wa mou) fly to lbiza
Subete iya na koto wasure na girl...he's a asobi hito steez sutoriito sodachi
Hizama zuite please! (Dare ga nani ittemo) It's true
A class kyuu no OSHALE-SAN crew wanna put kimi no mimi to hana ni daiya
Sonna kanojo juujuu sizzle like fire

I'm gonna go my way tonight tomenaide yo with your lies
Furi kaeritaku wa nai datte 've made up my mind
Mou kako no hanashi sunao ni just let it be
Yeah...no no...boy... I got to go

Doko made escapade shimasuka shita?
Koufunshi suite hazureteku key ga whoa! That's it yume ni made michau
We the kyaku jishaku (Say what?) get the picture?
Hey boy himitsu darake wassup?
Make you say (Ho!) Make you say (Ho!)
Hey ma gimme some space komatta
Baby say (Ow!) Baby say (Ow!) I like it (You like it)
He likes it (She likes it) We like it (They like it)
Mada mada don't hit the lights
I love it (You love it) He loves it (She loves it)
We love it (They love it) sono mama just work that thing

I said you don't know what you be missing so
Itoshii kedo it's time for me to go sou omotteru noni naze kokoro itamu no
Oh my Mr.DJ won't you rewind

I'm gonna go my way tonight
Warui kedo boy you ain't fly ii wake kikitakunai
That's why I should say good bye
Wasurete I won't look back fui ni left me just like that
Yeah...no...boy... you got to go

I'm gonna go my way tonight tomenaide yo with your lies
Furi kaeritaku wa nai datte 've made up my mind
Mou kako no hanashi sunao ni just let it be
Yeah...no no...boy... I got to go
