READING BY JOHN PEEL (UNICORN...)

Lionel Lark was an alchemist by profession but he loved to quest. 
Li and Mole were a romantic pair. Li, with his many-coloured Zodiac coat flapping about as he 
rode the Dawn Wind.... Rubbing his rimless spectacles, he lectured Mole in his larkish manner 
about the mythical Lilly Pond and its latitude and longitude, and goofing sometimes, and mentioning 
the Hyperborians, the frozen folk who lived behind the North Wind. 
At eight 'o-clock, he scribbled little spells and directions on a dried mushroom parchment and Moley 
got proudly into his pigs-bladder balloon. Lionel took off, at first a little shakely, but soon as swift as 
the lordly eagle, The Emperor of the Sky-skinned Airships. 
Bopping through the morning clouds, Kingsley rocked to and fro, now and again straightening his 
course by adjusting the misty spider's-web rope which was harnessed around Lionel's little puffed-out 
chest. They made a wonderful sight, these animal Wright Brothers. 
A lonely elf crunched the autumn leaves and solemnly dictated to his mouse scribe long, winding spirals 
of wonderful runes which, in our heavy translation would awaken Ra at midnight, or unhibernate a legion 
of poley Albino-eyed Hedgehogs or even cause a chasm on the Deeply Swirl of Foxnecks to drown a 
blessed water lily. Pan be praised for elfish ability to know about wisdom and to use it wisely. The elf's 
autumn feet hidden in rose-pettled, pointed shoes walked into The Mighty Grove and his never-ending 
stream of merriment soared and gushed niagarally through the Wonderful Kingdom. But even as quick 
as it came, it had ceased. His wise eyes became beacons of true light. 
As the piggy bundle tumbled from the blessed heavens, the leaping elf hastily harnessed his beloved, tame 
nightingale and made for the point of ejection with a heart of many carats. Entangled in thorns and briars 
was Kingsley Mole.... his snout sticking high in the splendoured air, tents of zodiac folds cascaded over 
Lionel's larkish dome. Despectacled, he moaned into Kingsley Mole's eyes and cursed all flying machines 
doomed to rely on the ficklety of piggish bladders. The two saddened creatures trundled from their rose-bush 
prison and lay scarlet and fatigued in the escaping afternoon. 
The handsome, elvin figure soared through dusking skies and upon landing, kissed the proud brow of his sky 
steed and called a greeting to Mole and Li. After tea from acorn cups and slices of blueberry pie, the handsome 
elf told all the large legends that he knew about the perilous pond and its scaley protectors. Also of its healing 
ability and how one draught of pond dew could put forests of tangling tufts on the baldest badger or field mouses' 
heads. After glow-worm talks and plans for the quest, the elf led the tired companions through the foreboding 
fairy wood until the reached a large, beautifully-worked leather fencing boot, which had a door in its heel. 
"My great grandfather," the elf said, as Lionel commented about image engraved on the door knob. 
"An alchemist you know," said the fairy one. 
"Mmmmm," said Li suspiciously. 
They were made very comfortable in beds of great expanse, spider web sheets, and towers of warm, wooly moss 

