BALLISTIC STATUES

"The president speaks from the oval office"
"Good evening. This is the 37th time I've spoken to you from this office where so many decisions have been made that shaped the history of this nation.
Each time I've done so to discuss with you some matters that I believed affected the national interest. In all the decisions I've made in my public life, I've always tried to do what was best for the nation.
As long as there was such a base, I've felt strongly that it was nessesary to see the constitutional process through to its conclusion, that to do otherwise would be unfaithful to the spirit of that deliberately difficult process. But with the disappearance and the dangerously destabilizing precedent for the future, I've concluded that because of the Watergate matter, I might not have the support of the congress, that I'd consider nessesary to back the very difficult decisions and carry out the duties of this office in the way the interest of the nation would require."
"I have never been a quitter!"
"To leave office before my term is completed is apart to every instinct in my body."
"And let peace then settle at last over the middle east, and so that the caddle of civilization will not become its grave."
"These years have been a momentous time in the history of our nation and of the world. They've been a time of achivement and .. we can all be proud. Acheivements that represents the shared efforts of the administration, the congress and the people."
"May God's grace be with you, in all the days ahead."
"Day in and day out"
"The White House"
"Mistakes yes, but for personal gains never!"
"The cause bigger than yourself. It's the cause of making this the greatest nation in the world, the leader of the world, because without our leadership, the world would know nothing but war, possibly starvation or worse, in the years ahead."
"But most important, we must be strong here, strong in our hearts, strong in our souls, strong in our beliefs and strong in our willingness to sacrifice in a peculiar way."
"Not in this administration, not one single man or woman"
"... strong, Sometimes wrong, sometimes right, but he was a man."
"Always remember: Others may hate me"
"And then destroy yourself"
"I want to say that not only will we always remember you, not only will we always be grateful, always you'll be in our hearts and you'll be in our prayers."
"Those who hate me don't win, unless you're with them"
