CHOCOLATE FACTORY

Baby, it's nobody like you
you're a good friend, you know
you been there for me from the beginning
This is why I love you
I mean I place no one above you,
you know what I'm saying, 
anything you want you just come to daddy.

Listen
When I discovered you, I discovered a piece within,
joy like no other, you are my closet friend
If you were a number you'd be a perfect 10 
right out of the blue skies you were heaven sent

The way we made love over and over again, 
if I had to describe it wouldn't know where to begin.
I am so proud to be your next of kin 
you prayed over me when I had no reason to live 

candy carmel coated, taf-fies, chocolate covered strawberries, love so sweet 
you're my chocolate factory, gum drops
mixed with chocolate, milk bars, there's so much variety love so sweet, you're 
my chocolate factory. 

Wait a minute baby!
Now if I could write a book on how you make me feel. 
The title would read a strong black man and that's for real 
I've been going round and round just like a ferris wheel. 
Been in and out of relationships but you're that deal
But ain't nobody else on god's great earth for me
Heaven stirred us up together and made the perfect chemistry, wouldn't change 
you for the world as long as I exist, you're always in the kitchen cooking up 
my favorite dish yeah

candy carmel coated, taf-fies, chocolate covered strawberries, love so sweet 
you're my chocolate factory, gum drops
mixed with chocolate, milk bars, there's so much variety love so sweet, you're 
my chocolate factory.

You're that puzzle piece that completes me, girl you set my soul free, girl 
you're everything, girl you're everything that I could need, you’re my escape 
when I wanna be free, when I wanna,
be free, you're full of dainty treats, like peppermint, sweet tarts, big blues, 
red hots 

Baby you are! Wooo-ooooooh!

candy carmel coated, taf-fies, chocolate covered strawberries, love so sweet 
you're my chocolate factory, gum drops
mixed with chocolate, milk bars, there's so much variety you're so sweet, 
you're my chocolate factory.

Continue Chorus as R.Kelly sings..

Listen, I went over the rainbow, found my pot of gold 
hear me baby, yeah, sweetheart, said I'm just like a kid in a candy store. 
Sweet – baby Oooh Hey You are my – Said You are my - chocolate factory Yeah. 
Baby please believe me. Said you are my, you are my chocolate factory. Love so 
sweet, all those little dainty treats yeah yeah yeah yeah


