EXIT

Now I can't leave this club without you girl
Swear I want more, you deserve an encore.
Backstage VIP is jumpin
Now it's raining, won't you come in?
Tell me are you wit' it?
What you want girl, you can get it
These clubbers won't treat you like I treat you
Big chips, black cards. You'll be my co-star.
Somebody say you're lookin' for me, girl here I go.
Ooooh, look oh my god, who do we have up in the club dancin' for me?
Gurrrl, let me help you chase your dreams.
You're so beautifuuuuuul, how can I make you understand,
Ooo, that I wanna rub, I wanna touch every little inch of your body(body)
Girl you need to go with me.
You're incredible oh-uoh-oh girl, ooo yes you are ...

Baby see the exit, exit, see the exit, let's go out this club, exit!
Exit, exit, see the exit, let's go out this club, exit!

Now baby-girl if that's yo man, forget about it, gon' and dance.
And I really didn't mean no harm, it's just the players charm
in me girl, and I do it 'round the world, clubs and every bar.
Like a professor baby, Kells gives sex seminars.
When you walk by so slow, make me whistle.
You got pretty teeth.
And I feel so good when you silent me, yeah.
I'm about to buy you everything, baby-girl just please don't leave.
I got a big house in the mountains, let's go!
And I even got a stripper pole.
Excuse me, miss, somebody said you lookin' for me, girl here I go.
Oooh, look oh my god, who do we have up in the club dancin' for me?Why you upstaging these chicks?
Girl you got the gaaaaaame sowed up, how can I make you understand?
Ooo, that I wanna rub, I wanna touch every little inch of your body.(body)
Girl you need to go with me.
It's the last call for alcohol, girl. Yes it is ...

Girl can you see the exit, exit, see the exit, let's go out this club, exit! Exit, exit, see the exit, let's go out this club, exit!

When you see me, tour bus, 'yo block, back of, Maybach, black shades on, down low, in your hood, smokin' on that good.
Girl take a picture, autographs, crack some jokes, make me laugh.
Take some shots, baby now come to my hotel.
Girl I love the way you're teasing me, you and your girlfriend on the dancefloor, I'm thinkin' menage`a`trois.
So why don't you jump up off in my car, girl it's so pretty butter
interior, custom made for me.
Let the top of that go back, then we'll pull off from the club real slow ... so fans can take a pic.
Girl I get a kick out of splurging on you ...
nordstorm, Prada, Gucci, Fendi, Vicki's Secrets too.
Baby, sky's the limit where we go from here,
once we're in that benz.
Girl take me serious when I say, I wanna walk outta here with you.

Can you see the exit, exit, see the exit, let's go out this club, exit! Exit, exit, see the exit, let's go out this club, exit!
