YEAH

Yeah! (yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah..)

I got flavor like adobo, you ain't know though?
My rap go back like quack delioso{?}
Señorita, señorita - teacher!
What'chu gon' teach us, except to be weaker?
You go bo-bo, i go bo-bo-bo!
Bo! bo! like jamaicans at a gun show
Where you from loc', actin tough like gung ho
Pull the gun like bums now - come out your clothes yo
What'chu think the flo' is fo'?
So you can fall when i throw blows
C-rayz, you ain't know i'ma pro?
My style is rough canvas, a-rhythematic
Flippin the script, now your chick, want a sip of the tip
Tell her chill, i'm celibate kid
Remember my name - like the elephants did
Shake the place, 'til i break your face
Or you can catch a ddt like jake the snake, c'mon

[chorus]
If you love it say yeah - yeah, yeah yeah yeah
If you need it say yeah - yeah, yeah yeah yeah
If you got it say yeah - yeah, yeah yeah yeah
If you want it say yeah - yeahhh..

[c-rayz walz]
Live from new york like +saturday night+
In the bing with a mic, i bling when i write
Yeah, in a battle better come equipped
No l's, i win by landslides and forfeits (okay)
Got the "california love" like 'pac
Malik on a track? i can't be stopped
I was once told by a wise mc
Think before you spit on the m-i-c
Reppin n-y-c, 'til i d-i-e
You can't s-double-e-e-e m-c
Gettin "spellbound" like k-solo
'bout to go loco, from breakin backs like bolo
I know you say he got the ill flow-doe
As i +jam+ with my +jimmy+ like the wolves in minne-soto
Lookin good in the photo but, make this clear
When i spit, throw your hands in the air and

[chorus]

[c-rayz walz]
Uh, i write lines hype like fight time - killin it
Plug this beat in your lifeline - fulfillin it
Stain your brain with the flame - sp-spillin kid
Bump this junk in your trunk - 4-wheelin it
Rock like stones and bricks and pebbles
Hot like chrome that split the devil
Chase the base, fix the levels
Case the place, vick your bezels
Free incoming - like nextel
I see men dumbin but, sex sells
Life is ill and triflin still, i fight for meals
In this lifetime, rhyme for real
Signed and sealed, time to peel
Yo son i shined before i signed the deal
Make this clear i'ma take this year
Don't just stand there, throw your hands in the air and

[chorus]

[c-rayz walz]
You wanna see daddy be a clown when he come around
Be a clown now - bow blaow blaow blaow..
You wanna see daddy be a clown when he come around
Be a clown now - bow blaow blaow blaow..

[ad libs to fade]
