THAT MAN

Chorus: He bought a diamond, a pearl and give it to me
He said I'm rockin' his world and always will be
'Cause I'm the one and only girl for this man, you see
He makes me feel like a squirrel, lost in his tree
That man!

Girl, he don't care 'bout you
Always lets you down and treats you like a booboo
He ain't the type to go by two
And if the money's what it takes to have a boodie do the due
Here's the dough, don't you know
Came on your premises to baptize a ho
Humped you, pumped you then dumped you cold
And all you find to say is: "But he gave me gold"
The man's playin', know what I'm sayin'
He's messin with your brain night and day and
The lovely dovely feelin' you knew at first
You gave up for lust, just to quinch his thirst
Now, the man's got ya just where he wants ya
You think you love him and the feelin' haunts ya
But you're waisting all of your time and good will
So get off his willy, billy boy's toy, chill !
He's a dog, been doggin' you ever since
You thought the frog you kissed would turn to a prince
How you were mistaking and deadwrong
So quit singin' the same old song!

Chorus: He bought a diamond, a pearl and give it to me
He said I'm rockin' his world and always will be
'Cause I'm the one and only girl for this man, you see
He makes me feel like a squirrel, lost in his tree
That man!
Girl, when is it gonna get in your head?
The man wants what's good in bed
See, he will taste you than waste you like trash
Thought you claim you ain't in this game for cash
Think to yourself is he really worthwhile
When was the last time he's made you smile?
He obvioulsy don't seem to know the deal
Can't you by now feel he's not for real?
Although he don't even deserve every service,
He never thanx you only gets nervous

He be illin' got you actin' kinda sick
Thinks he's slick that's what makes him tick
Your mind's beggin' for mercy 'cause you wanna be free
But the fella's got you good and all his you wanna be,
Can't recall what your freedom was
The man's on your and you say it's because

Chorus: He bought a diamond, a pearl and give it to me
He said I'm rockin' his world and always will be
'Cause I'm the one and only girl for this man, you see
He makes me feel like a squirrel, lost in his tree
That man!

This is amazing, you're still hangin' around
Till one day find yourself beat down below the ground
The boy you want he's a parasite
You'll find him in a different bedroom everynight
Unprotected and well exposed
To gonorrhea, herpes, aids and more of those
And if you don't care, girlfriend, you're stupid
How can you let a man do you like he did?
Where's your self respect, where's your pride?
He don't come correct so leave him aside
He ain't doing nothin' for you to brag or boast
Out of everyone you know, he disses you most!
So why bother, ain't nothing to gain
But hurt and bother, heartache and pain
But never should you let a man do you this way
Think about it and no longer way

Chorus: He bought a diamond, a pearl and give it to me
He said I'm rockin' his world and always will be
'Cause I'm the one and only girl for this man, you see
He makes me feel like a squirrel, lost in his tree
That man!

That man!  he don't do the due
That man!  ain't no good for you
That man!  ain't got no class
That man!  only wants some ass
