B-BOY STANCE

Ya. its so hard to remain authentic
Everything is round me in changin
Even the earth is movin in two different places
In the united space, but one thing remains the same
till the end of time i think i'll remain....

[chorus]
Im a b-boy standin in my b-boy stance

From the top of the highest summit, again we run it. 
A hundred and forty four shimmering lights stunnin 
to quick for the human eye to catch a glimpse 
You know pimps cannot convince with bigger attempts of emcee’in, 
blowing word to the wind, 
While we conscend to limit the sins and pretend 
We’re still human, when if fact were only half, the other path extends infinity do the math 
I try to laugh, but they pull me down like crabs in a bucket 
With hands in my pocket, I don’t really laugh 
Heaven only knows, the ???? keeps invading 
the flows that turns black pros 
To white foes… Your just supposin have you heard my words moving at light speed and getting blurred. 
It’s all so incredible decibles at glance standing in a b-stance 

Im a B-boy standin in my B-boy stance

This one leads the way… 
Now cut it up, cut it up back to back, on the wheels of steel,
 cut it up back to back 

Elevate, Meditate, eliminate-thoughts from my past keep knocking upon my gate 
Shouldn’t let em in, the answers not to debate 
But to observe the debating and then we can understate 

Yo party people listen up at the drop of dime, 
They took cameras to africa for pictures to rhyme 
Over old.. yes, the great pretenders 
Religeous entertainers who want to be life savers 
Damn.. another dollar for the mind, another cold ??? hoping
They can’t find, they can’t copy or get pictures with no lines,
I guess it’s just a case of the blind leading the blind 
But, I’m flippin and steppin and rockin the roll, 
take the control 
Payin my tolls, whose in control? 
I’m playin a roll so people will remember that 
I’m just a servent of rap, hopin to bring it back 

Im a B-boy standin in my B-boy stance

This one leads the way… break
