LEAP OF FAITH

The town he came from was typical England
His mother loved him but she loved her new husband
The teachers at school found him out a no hoper
Just another waste of teenage strength a solider

Quick Friday evening, he takes a sip from the bottle
He’s with his boys again they’re up for trouble
A pack of wolves always he better be hunting,
A local man made the mistake to confront them.

And as he sits there up alone in his room,
Cut on his knees blood on his hands, through
A heartless attack and he’s so ashamed
Covering his eyes of the poor man’s gaze

Forever it will stay

Set this straight, it’s not your cross,
Fix yourself up bruv, and step off the warpath

Your life is never preordained,
No two lives need ever be the same.
Go, Take a leap of faith
You can turn and fight, need to jump this life,
You could escape free now from these confines.

Go, Three years ago she had a baby at fifteen
The next minute was a repeat of history,
One bedroom council flat, the father beats her,
but it’s the dark past he disappeared.

Six months later and he’s back on the scene,
He’s lost his job and and needs her to feast
Still got that glint in his eye still got that vicious right hand

That was the time to make her stand
Making her stand
Don’t jump I know this time is the past.
Fix yourself up, grab on onto the life raft,

Your life is never preordained,
No two lives need ever be the same.
Go Take a leap of faith
Take a leap of faith, take a leap of faith

Go take a leap of faith

Your conscience jilted your options fading
You want the others on your team
Search for these fragments of esteem.

GO! Don’t jump I know this time is the past,
Fix yourself up grab on onto the life raft.

GO GO! Set this straight, it’s not your cross,
Fix yourself up bruv and step off the warpath

You can turn and fight, you can jump this life
You can escape free now from these confines
Your life is never preordained,
No two lives need ever be the same.

Go, take a leap of faith.

Your conscience jilted your options fading,
You want the others on your team,
Search for these fragments of esteem.
