LIQUID LIVES

There’s a story about a bloke named Jerry
Got slaughtered and got real lairy
In the pub he acted absurd, then he came onto his boxers bird
So he got knocked out, face rolled out like a rainbow trout
His girl found out the truth, but he couldnt explain cause he’d lost a tooth!

I wanna drink drink drink, smoke, f@#*k fight
I wanna shout, drink, scream. I wanna die
I wanna be arrested, I wanna be molested
My heads in pain, next weekend lets do it again

An anecdote about a man named clive.
Wasnt one to usually drink drive, and after all he’d been for a snack
and thought it was a bit too far to walk back
A month later and hes sitting in court, for the two lives he cut short
Man slaughter he’s convicted, for the pain that he inflicted.

Spinning, my head is spinning, round and round
Down to the pub, onto the club
My stomachs turning, ohh my bodys burning
our liquid lives this is how we all survive

Heres a story about a chap named clark,
drank four pints in an hour and a half
though the night had just begun, coz the local pub was open till 1
the next morning out in the country, hungover and on the hunt he
was still drunk and he pissed himself, fell off his horse and shot himself

I wanna drink drink drink, smoke, fight fight
I wanna shout and scream. I wanna die
I wanna be arrested, I wanna be molested
i damaged my brain, next weekend lets do it again

Heres a story about a girl named Jane
Got wasted and got date raped.
When they told the doctor she seen, they found cocaine in her blood stream
Well nothing malicious, but the alcohol levels were suspicious
When asked who had hurt her, poor old girly couldnt remember!

Our liquid lives this is how we all survive.
My heads in pain next weekend lets do it again!
Down to the pub, up to the club
It damaged my brain, Next weekend lets do it again!

Spinning, my head is spinning, round and round
Down to the pub, up to the club
My stomachs turning, ohh my bodys burning
our liquid lives this is how we all survive

Go on, drink up then, come on, its what you all do best.
