THINGS'LL NEVER CHANGE

Ah yeah..(ah yeah)..it's real.
gonna put it down.  all these little crime thangs,
homeless, the world is crazy bwoy
it's like this
it's the way it is
Heavy out there.. it's heavy.

Verse 1

Was I really such a bad child that I deserved to get hit with boards 
and whooped with extension cords? 
did you forget that I was your creation, 
and all I wanted from you all was love, hope, and motivation?  
son, you're disrespectful and you're talking back, 
get out my face, kicked me out the house 
and wouldn't even let me plead my case. 
now I'm homeless and I'm freezing like the morgue, 
the only thing keepin me alive is the Lord
needless to say it's times like this I'd rather be locked up then 
drinkin water out my hands and eatin out of garbage cans
can I come back home, huh could I?
Son, you're on your own, why should I?

Chorus
Things'll never change, that's just the way it is
Nobody's even concerned
Some things'll never change, that's just the way it is
when will we ever learn?

Verse 2

Huh. three years from now, I think I'm gon be straight, (straight)
I put my name on the list for section 8
tried out for the army but I was flat footed,
didn't do no harm to me, cuz I was used to it
if I apply for some work, let's make a bet, 
I'll get the nine
cuz I don't know about the internet 
What do you think we need to do to change about this nation?
need to provide more jobs and better education
nuclear weapons (puh) should be stopping crimes, 
already got enough to blow the world up
a thousand times
the birds and the bees, deadly disease,
teenage pregnancies, std's

Chorus

Verse 3

A-wuh a wait a minute, I hear sirens
Oh that's the couple down the street
domestic violence
either them or the little girl in 306
she's always telling everyone that she gon slice her wrists
I guess that's the way it is in the life of sin
where you'll prolly end up dead, or in the pen
but my family ain't no better than the next
my auntie brenda turned her own sister in 
for writing bad checks
and save folks try to hit you where it hurts
knowin they the biggest hypocrites in the church
we need to give our minds a bath and
do some scrubbin'
stop the hate and start the lovin'


