CLOSE TO ME

Close to Me

In the eclipse of my dreams…
In the doors that if open alone in the night you to enter…
I see my image in the rarest happiness My dreams I come back to become realities
You I am saving me of my misfortune Although to be difficult to leave the comfort that the sadness brings me…
You he makes me to leave and to face the good idea of the happiness… You sharpen my directions, yes, you.
As if already he was not enough to show to love me You also brings the happiness until me Yes, you saved me…
you are not more far from me You you are close… very close! e I feel your presence, your perfume… your look pursues me one more time…
and your smile takes me for that place special candy…
You smile with will for me, and saved me of my nightmares All already they can understand my love for you and I do not import myself that at this moment you he is having a different thought… 
After all, I know that in the deep one of its heart, you already he loves me.!
I had the unhappy idea of that you he was well far… when in the truth, not, you I was close…
But I have homesickness of the soft touch of your hands in my hands… and of my gotten passionate image of in the brightness of your eyes, that order the message to me more candy that somebody can imagine…. something that says that I am a special girl…
You he is different with me in relation to everything… is more loving with me of what with any another one…
I still remember that time where… we were together until that special place… I still am imagining as it would be the soft touch of your lips in my lips…
Sensation that I still will have soon… Reason I love you and know that you valley the penalty… Reason I know that you also love me, boy…
He does not lie, it is impossible somebody look you admiring me and to say that you do not feel nothing for me. The perfume that you have…
something who really call me attention… I love you in such a way… therefore I would be insuportável to live without loving you, my love…
If I not to see its face, I am without dreaming.! In thinking that he was everything so fast… he was everything so different…
I only looked at you and the attraction comessou… later I comessei to like… To love, and now I am gotten passionate and I love you very…
Therefore it does not have as to more than love you what I already love you… nobody it would consegueria to love you more than what I!
The candy has touched of your hands… your smile and your look… Everything so SURREAL… is impossible to resist…
I am really admired in seeing somebody on the inside so pretty and at the same time for it are…
As you… do not have nothing of ugly in you, she knows of this… So far our shyness in made them to wait…
but, I know that still, soon, I will touch the sky kissing you. It does not have plus who says that you love me…
all you have that to admit… We are born one for the other, and, although some lies that invent for me your respect…
I do not believe…and make the person to swallow the lies… and if to choke… Therefore he does not have nothing of impure in your character…
And I know forever that we will be together, together in that special place.

BMdS*
