GHOSTS OF MY THOUGHT

Ghosts of My Thought

Occult desires. oh, my occult desires… I want to run away… to run away I stop far from everything this…
My desires occult and sealed up… a reason of complete tristania for me… My happiness is taken by the wind to go even so…
and the ghosts of my thoughts do not stop to torment me… I to each day am more haunted in my thought… and the things that I have will to make, I cannot…
the shouts in the opera… A ghost is… while I sing, it there observes me… Oh, is not so more obvious than you he is one of the angels ghosts of my mind…?
That it took me to write that poem, that that said I love you more than what everything… Then, my love, if you love me, my nightmare, finish with my pains and…
He orders me for that place… where my fallen angel if finds… will run away together, I know… Therefore everything from now is not the same thing… 
nd I meet ripened sufficiently… To have you… while I shout and game all my sadness for are… while my shouts penetrate in its thought and it concentrates
you in my deep one to look at, I only speak in the look… When the moment of my silence if approaches… you goes even so… not, please, does not go…!
A multitude cries out behind me… with that piano and those roses deceased in the soil… One more time dressed I of fight for all my sadnesses and depressions,
I touch in that piano… and all my thoughts that are part of this great cloud of cloudy and sad feelings… come my head… and I one more time am echoing for the not existing places of my thoughts without end all those musics without name… I one more time find me where I am not… all deceased my return…
I I remember to see tombs… To cry, to have that to surpass a death… and today I would like to be in the place of that person…
Not to have that to suffer in such a way… the thoughts they order in my occult and deep desires……
Corrupted for its image being ring-shaped for my look… for what! you do not leave that its desire for me commands you and comes here to kiss me?
I know, you I am only one apprentice of its occult desires… I cry out together with me, my love… I know that you also love me, and
I can directly feel in its look the words leaving and assassinating my heart in its head… Its breath together with mine…
occult desires, we go to abandon all and to run away… My body if finds in state of obsession and desire for its touch in my hands…
and the touch of its lips in my mouth I did not leave my thought… those full forests of trees for me symbolize the love, passion and obsession that I feel you…
I leave me to be the master of your desires, I go to teach to it as to love me… I go to teach to it as to deal with this frightful feeling for you, my love…
you is the only reason for which I remain in way to my proper evil… He brightens up my pain only with that look… but I do not only want to look at for its photo…
you I do not understand? I would like to feel its body in mine, and the touch candy of its lips… I can feel in my dreams its voice with mine…
Oh Phantom of the Opera, you does not see that I am its apprentice? e you is the apprentice of my occult desires to kiss you… You already know…
then, love me, as I love you… either mine, and will be its… its, and you, it is my love… The intense shouts come my mind one more time...

BMdS*
