OBSESSION

Obsession

For you, I feel a thing that… arrives to kill me on the inside…
After all, my heart is if finishing to the few in its hands…
you do not know that all this passion, love, desire and obsession that I feel…
are for you… You know that I love you… I I am eat you… and know what he is having now…
Cause leaves me to be with you… to be far from you alone me more sadness and it makes me to cry very…
The only thing that imports me at this moment and the world is you… alone you, my love…
I am supporting to live in the place where certainly I will die soon… only to be close to you…
for you, I forget it world… For you, I would give up my life… I I would die for you, to only be happy, but I want that he is to my side.
He is something complicated, but I will explain… if until my pulses writing its name I already cut…
You do not know what she is making. you are there using to advantage everything, are certain, but thus, of this skill, with the wrong people.
He allows that I save you. you he saved me of the depression, you he saved me of everything, and I have that to repay…
what he has with you? You know that I taste of you, but you only go to know that I am blinded and gotten passionate for you when I to decide to open the game…
Or through a poem as this that speaks of my obsession for you, not, I do not have shame of this, never will have…
I I say and I do not lie, I love you, more than everything… I already played some glasses in the wall for not being able to see you,
and the hurt ones in my hands mean the socos that I gave in my mirror for not seeing you. My love, I want that everything is said, therefore,
I love you, completely am gotten passionate by you, for you, I do not have nothing that I do not make…
I only know to say that I love you and my dreams are only with you, until you not to have to my side I I do not go to be happy, my love!
The only thing that I want at this moment and all the moments is you, is the only reason of my life, is the only reason for which
I am trying to keep the calm at this moment, but does not give, simply, you it is irresistible and I do not obtain to leave to love you…
Already they had advised to me to forget you, but, if I forgot you, I would die…
I know that an attitude valley a thousand words, but close to you I congeal so easily for its presence that I do not have action none its front…
You can nor make idea, you you can hate me, you you can love me,
I you can not make the minimum difference for you, but I always landed on water you…
He does not have as not to love you, as well as also he does not have that he loves you more than what I, not, does not exist who loves you more than what I!
All the objective of my life is only you, only you… if one day you to say me that it does not love me, is prepared to be knowing that in the following day I will commit suicide with a knife threaded in the chest and the pulses cut with its name and mine, only this…
I would pull out my members and would support all pain only for you…
I am completely insane person and blinded for you… and when I am its front, you it seems to arrest my members only in a hand squeeze…
You I contributed so that my love increases to each day… you differently deals with me all and all… yes, accurately, is what all say and I know that is truth…
You look at me, you you praise me, you you smile for me of a skill that I do not see to smile for nobody… All musics that I hear remember me you, my love… all!
Then, I only want to know if… you also like me, or if some day would have some possibility to be together…
He believes, he likes me, you go to see that nobody loves you and nor more is blinded by you of what I.!

BMdS*
