EMERICA

Ja: Extra extra. Extra extra. Hear all about it. 
Ja Rule has just been elected president of the United Ghettos of Emerica. And 
this is what he has to say at press time. 
At press time this is what Ja Rule had to say.
Emerica. My peoples.

Chorus (x2): Welcome to Emerica baby. Cuz I didn't think this world would do 
what its doing to me.
Welcome to Emerica baby. Cuz I didn't think this world would do what its done 
to me.

Ja: Niggas if I could pledge my alligence to the united ghettos of emerica. I 
wanna tell you bro to cut the taxes for strippers and thgs.
Its all good. Rule for mayor in all hoods and as well I should.
I may just be pubically misunderstood when they caught me getting high in the 
back of the old jail. Was you freaking them hoes well.
I could say I was getting a lil head but so what Bill and Hilary stayed good 
and still.
Thats a down ass btich for ya.
Whats up with some soap and water and return them dirty drawers to their 
rightful owner.
Now thats creep shit 101 I got this broad on the 101. She bobbing ? is she 
conscious, no nonsense she like to tickle the dick on the low only constant.
Can you tell me it was a church girl, protestant. Its alright ma you rolling 
with the Inc.

Chorus (2x)

Young Life: Yeah I'm here. Can you tell me more niggas living, living ? in 
Emerica. I'm never gon gail nigga. I'm telling ya.
Young life's a competitor into the real my niggas heading up hill. I'm letting 
you know thats shits real.
I came into the game copped a deal, aiming to get this shit still
It aint been a minute I aint been hiding it.
Handle my business, high when I'm fucking you bitches right yeah you witnessing 
my life.
? my night and the ghetto holding my medal tight. 
Still in Emerica, the military is ? a nigga hoes better oved will never be 
available that easy.
I'm heada the rest and up with the best in the minds of the bitches that stress 
given them hard sex.
Regardless I'm set for life, enlighten hoes to write and hit the mic, not over 
night you get the gift to be the best for something.
Life end up in Emerica.
Young Life is coming home, mother fuckers prepared enuff.

Chorus (2x)

Chink Santana: Now end up at crack houses, hustlers and hoes, lil younguns up 
on the corner nigga smoking that bowl.
Around the way when I's coming up wasn't no peers thats why they find your ass 
slow in the beers, but still I got that paper jo' blowing my weed and then that 
? motherfucker got it from me.
But nowadays these yougnuns rolling on E and the nigga that supplying thats' 
who running the streets.
Now look this ain't no crack thing. I gots to come up on the stash and get back 
man.
Cuz I'mma witness on the street, they say them hoes do fucking with X like she 
fucking a hot clock wtach you swallow my check.
Its real. A real nigga want his dick sucked. Bitches why bitches turn every hoe 
into a ? trick. Its pimp shit.
No limp lick just a gansta fuck.
Why the murderers will make you bust.

Chrous (2x)


