FATHER FORGIVE ME

By: XaRaDa a.k.a. On FiRe



I... look at all the lonely people
I... look at all the lonely people

[CHORUS]
Father forgive me
For I have sinned in a world that is broken and scorn,
I should of been warned, nobody tells us
That u will live your whole life just to die and be mourned
So what's it's all for, all the lonely people
Where do they all come from
All the lonely people, where do they all belong

[VERSE 1]
My God!
Everybody wanna look to get deep in my eyes
And see the----like he was close,
I'm the one the Lord himself has chose
to be a stand out and stand alone,
Me myself and I, could've died in the end
-----------casket or pen, probably thinking better state that I'm in,
But then again,
I've been watching from the outside looking in
looking in from the outside theres a reminisce
wanna get witness------------
for those who ain't here who love to hear this
love to see this love to feel this
None of you wouldn't of felt just how lonely life gets
nothing could never see just how dark and I gets why
ask the question and the reason

I... look at all the lonely people
I... look at all the lonely people

[CHORUS]
Father forgive me
But do you know what they scream when they dying in pain,
They screaming your name, the Lord is out savior
That's what the paster says every week sunday and pray
But you're never their, all the lonely people
Where do they all come from
All the lonely people, where do they all belong

[VERSE 2]
Oh Lord!
Will they ever understand us loners, us natural hustlers
that hug the corner and cause it feels like-----------on us
or is it just me the one and only
R - U, L - E
Ain't nothing anybody really could tell me
done been through done seen it all, lately
I'm a get though it just bare ya' soul with me
cause it's all crazy but it's all made me
realize the gift that the lord game me
wish I could sometimes talk to him and save me
what would I say I don't know maybe I'm crazy
maybe I'm lonely only because, I...
born alone to die alone my
life is lived to died to mourned
live for today you died tomorrow that's why

I... look at all the lonely people
I... look at all the lonely people

[CHORUS]
Father forgive me
But there's a life I must claim and this life isn't right,
Just send me a sign, death,
Was the scene of the crime as he lied with his eyes wide and died
And nobody cried, all the lonely people
Where do they all come from
All the lonely people, where do they all belong
