FRESH OUT DA PEN

Fresh out da pen, middle finger up, nigga
I don't give a fuck and you know which I can suck
My deed just like bitches, hate on, you fuck niggas
Picture me roll in, the feds all in my business

Cause I'm about to rhyme, I get it
See murder, ain't no limits
What I started out, I'm gonna finish
Choppers out, the windows tinted
… no witness, cause we ain't leaving no witness
All my niggas … niggas don't get it!
Made out motherfuckers, this is business!
Take your personal prescription
Motherfucker, I see business!
Cause I got the devil in me, and my evil is my genius
And those girls catching us …
Nigga sit tight in that prison!
You gonna have to come get me
And to get me means to kill me
If you kill me, niggas witness dying with me
Feel me?
Fuck the feds and whoever is listening
I know ya niggas watching
But as long as I'm alive, who gonna stop me?
A nigga
Ad the fucking niggas like it
But I guarantee you never met another nigga like me!
Not likely! I'm savage!
Ya niggas bitch big loudly
And girls, I eat pussy, pussy niggas stay for around me
Cause nigga, I'm shouting!

Fresh out da pen, middle finger up, nigga
I don't give a fuck and you know which I can suck
My deed just like bitches, hate on, you fuck niggas
Picture me roll in, the feds all in my business

Cause I'm rocking out your bitches
And your bitches talk real…
Telling me about her niggas real sexy
And I need the fuck more protected
When the cops stripping butt naked
Gimmie anything …
So, when I'm leaving nigga like breakfast
Ratchet nigga don't want…
Unless is something I die for myself, cut the…
Afraid to get large in…
We're talking about that money, money
Nigga wore them out
That money make them turn and pin it over… talking about
Speak in tones, bitch!
Fuck me, you know I got it, got it
Pop that, pop that, fuck man, you know I'm about it, about it
Pop that, pop that, pop that ass, bitch
You gonna get this work, let me see you twerking like Miley
Need a bad girl like… that's going off that molly
But I pop that Miley, and I don't rock that forward
I'm… in a Bugatti, I'm just trying to avoid the law
Nigga, ain't trying to get locked up no more
I might stop real rapping
Nigga, keep low with that hard…
That's not me, yeah… y'all listening
I'm innocent! Real shit!
But I'll be fresh as hell if you're watching!
Who the hell will stop me, nigga?
Fresh out the pen, pen, pen!
