DREAMING OF NOTHING

Hello again
My dearest friend
It's been so long since I've heard your voice
Left to have an awkward conversation with the dial tone
Just another simple reminder of how it feels to be alone
How does it feel to be alone?

It seems like forever has passed us by
And left us to wonder why some things must fade
Or break
Like hearts or every empty promise that I've made
To you
Like how we were so picture perfect when we had no pictures
At all
And how I would hold on to you forever or at least until the second hand
Would pass us by
Again

Hello again
My dearest friend
It's been so long since I've seen your face
Photographs cannot replace
Your fragile smile or that little thing you do
Right before you cry
So bury your head in your hands
And make a silent wish since your the only one who understands
When we both know it will never come true
Oh, I wish I never met you

This isn't an apology
It's just a simple way for me to say what's been on my mind
Just a simple way for me to say what I've left behind

Do you still dream?
Do you still dream about the past?
Back when we would dream about the future
Well, so much for the future...

And in reference to that song we loved
We've heard it all a million times before
You'd always be my 'Konstantine' but now I'm not so sure
The first star I saw wasn' even a star but just a smudge on my telescope
I'm not your star and I never was
I never was and never could be
Now that is what this song means

This isn't an apology
It's just a simple way for me to say what's been on my mind
Just a simple way for me to say what I've left behind

The only words worth saying are the words that you won't hear

Do you still dream?
Do you still dream about the past?
Back when we would dream about our future
Well, so much for our future...

I'll keep your photograph as a reminder of the girl I never knew
It was taken before we had learned each others names
Before we realized that our lives would never be the same
I'll keep your photograph as a reminder of the girl I wish I knew
It was taken before we had learned each others names
Before we realized that our lives would never be the same
We'd never be the same again
And for that I'll just say
I'm sorry...

Even though
This isn't an apology
It's just a simple way to mention what's been on my mind
Just a simple way for me to mention what I've left behind

Can you tell me if you dream?
If you dream about the past?
Back when we would dream about the future
When we knew it wouldn't last
Can you tell me if you dream?
Do you dream about the past?
Back when dreams were of the future
Back when dreams would always last...
