R.E.D. (FEAT. YASIIN BEY, NARCY, BLACK BEAR)

Bismillah
Break
Chu ain't livin' by the G code
What the fuck is fleek though?
Don't ask them - what do he know?
What I forgot is better than whatever they remember
Never mind, I'm off it, it's quiet form
Time to put the temper tantrums to the quiet corner
“HUSH!
That's enough” said the ruler no suckers allowed to break bread or asunder
The daylight lightning and the thunder
The sun, moon, and stars and the hunger
Abundance in bundles, blessings and troubles
Towers and tunnels, views and valleys, waves
Then pigs: what streets you from, son?
Planet Earth
And ain't scared of no Mars Attack
What type of bars is that, stay off my jack
I'm at they corny riot garments top-5 Dylan-in' on ‘em
Superfly Snuka top rope eagle diving on ‘em
You why a lion homey?
You won't play with my emotions, Smokey
Big Chief heart rate Big beat B-E-Y Yasiin
Straightjacket come clean, B. I. G. said it was a dream
Now it's a living thing We true and living kings

I mean it, I mean
I meant it, I mean
Yasiin and Yasiin in the R-E-D
I mean it, I mean
Original nation, we pon solid with it I mean
I mean it, I mean
Straightjacket come clean Yasiin and Yasiin in the R-E-D
Original nation, we pon solid with with
True and living you know, we are true and living

Illumi-Narcy
Emergency on Planet Earth
The currency is murder, you a man of worth
They say the day is coming', drummin that you can't reverse
Watch the banner burn, before the cannon burst
Don't chase an illusion, the Nation Halluci
Hallelujah
Taste of the future
The People, The Shower, The Pistol
The Coward that's racing to shoot ya'
Lonely Martyrs
Magic Carpets, Dirty Blankets
Coca-Cola, Soul Controller, Holy Waters
Middle East Mode, Sandglorious
Cheat Code in Babylonian, The Orient
My superhero got the people power
Yasiin and Yassin, You Should Heed The Hour
(We True and Living Kings I mean it Amin)

I mean it, I mean
I meant it, I mean
Yasiin and Yasiin in the R-E-D
I mean it, I mean
Original nation, we pon solid with it I mean
I mean it, I mean
Straightjacket come clean Yasiin and Yasiin in the R-E-D
Original nation, we pon solid with with
True and living you know, we are true and living
