IN CHARGE

You know who is in charge 
Don't make me say it again 
This little girl is really 'bout to break the market open 
No there is no weak beats cause you know what I'm about 
Recorded changes fuckin' beats cuz all we're hearing is crap 
I've been around in these clubs 
Wanna know what I found? 
This poppy dance crap wannabe overground 
But this is 2006 so listen all you suckers 
We grew up on hearing rap and not you fake ass rockers 

I don't care about you 
But what i want is BJ 
Gimmie some new dope beats 
And I'll bring back the paper 
Yes I sound so fresh on any tempo 
And I'll see you at my show, mouthing all my flows 
Is that your girl who's watchin' me? 
She might become a lesbian 
I rap for my ladies to pump up the feminine 
Yo, your fuckin' crew better stay out my way 
'Cuz I got a DJ like OH! and a partner like HEY! 

[Put a DJ like OH! and a partner like HEY]3x

Now us girls are fed up of all you wannabes 
You've got your hat on the side and you talk like a G 
But wearing all these phat clothes doesn't make you a pimp 
I'm gonna tell you straight up what this bullshit means 
You're wearing your pants down 
Its dangling off your ass 
Is it because you grab your ankles for a VIP pass? 
You use your new fancy phone to call back your mother, 
"hey mom I'm with my boys i won't be home for dinner," 
Little Uff's got the sound thats why you're movin' like that 
We are back I got rhyming 
I aint never get whack 
While you're here raise your hands 
Show the world where you at 
Cuz you aint never seen a cutie who can drop it like that 

[Put a DJ like OH! and a partner like HEY] 3x

You're just out of sunday sports 
Time your your favorite class 
How To Feel Like A Pimp: 10 Lessons In Rap 
Oh boy you know everything 
Selling dope, cooking rock 
If i got you a record deal would you blow up the spot? 
While you others got dreams, me? I'm making it happen 
I aint in this damn biz with no silly ambition 
I wanna bounce in the club 'til it makes me crazy 
I wanna hear some new shit so let me get busy 
Little Uff's got the sound thats why you movin' like that 
That's why you run to the phone after each track that we drop
saying, "Damn Busy P you gotta get me this girl," 
But you ain't gonna get shit 
I got the best producers

[Put a DJ like OH! and a partner like HEY] 3x
