IYAH! (INGLÊS)

I yah! 
The world you belong too 
In the so so so beautiful world 
You have only learned to look
at everything beautifully like that. 
No you learned to cover the ugly
I don't want to live like that like that to live like that 
Really with irresponsible words like that 
The days that have been thrown away for so so so so long long time--
Go away-- Everything go-- 
Please don't trample down with those worthless words. 
Do you say it. One for the kid, two for the all. 
What have we protected with the constitution we made? (Nothing nothing) 
They have been neglected, 
disregarded not been protected they couldn't even be protected of the rights they have been born with, 
Until when will we live like this-- uh?


Who gave the permission to turn out the children's flame that couldn't even be burnt 
Until when will be live by repeating the errors that can not be turned back

When we all live in equality, 
when everyone does not look for what is theirs, 
when we all realize what is the most valuable, 
Then will the bright tomorrow live and come back. 
Wow-- It's far far the road we have to go- 
show shock turn you neighborhood block, 
into a battle field Now a new millenium is coming. 
No lie We might even be cloned by how much is needed (yo Clon yourself)
Echeew- and I'm gonn' catch you ain't no turnin' back you won't be burnin' my kids
Put'em up some dirty cash and get a triper. 
But I'm a Lifer a camouflage cypher from the roof top I might snipe ya.

Who gave the permission to turn out the children's flame that couldn't even be burnt 
Until when will be live by repeating the errors that can not be turned back 
To find the day of truth hidden in time all have been thrown away 
Until the end I will find another future that is left in me

What ya boys need I got about the "P" down, 
Straight about the "P" down make everybody get down say you around prays ways in days days, 
ain't that failt in them all with embrace hates.

Even if everything disappears on day, 
we have to help then win If what is left is love we have to give it to them generously ..

I Yah ~! I Yah~! I Yah~! I Yah~! 
Everything we seek after, 
is there no greed inside that all the time, 
We have to protect it- 
until the next generation comes-
