KOREAN PRIDE (INGLÊS)

This is dedicated to all the niggers out there, 
who just don't care about shit you know
check it out ya'll

The combative spirit of the sorrow spirits that yelled in tears inside the pracitce of fear 
They sacrificed their life and saved the country 
We won 
How is the reality after 50 years past like that 
Luxury that doesn't fit one's status and greed will judge us 
Without any thoughts are you going to fool around full of selfishness? 
The greed of just one person dries the blood of many people 
And not able to handle that kind of life they victimize their family
Stand up 
No longer is there pain 
Can't lose.

Cries can be heard of the spirits who miserably struggle towards the false image as they sob.

Hey mister 
are you joking around..
Why are you risking your life on foriegn goods 
Why do you have such a weakness 
BooWoo! 
The conscience that rotted away inside money 
I don't even want to see your piteous image 
You'll know when you experience it 
T.o.n.y is the name I spell 128 bpm I rockwell 
Because Oh! Let's just pause 
Those who disgrace the counrty hoo! 
Now please don't sell people for money 
And look around your surroundings 
You are the only one living well

Cries can be heard of the spirits who miserably struggle towards the false image as they sob.

Only during a sports game, 
Those damn this and that 
When the game ends 
Robadiakki, what he went and didn't stop? 
Our country's semi-conductor best in the world 
It's very baostful
Just like this 
But still the best export is our children 
My teacher when you hit our children
Think about it again 
Look at yourself 
Is it grudge or love
Is your kid not getting hit from someplace else 
Our future is up to you, 
who is like a lighthouse 
Do you know
If you do something wrong or fail you become a r.e.d. s.c.a.r.f.! 
Since some time our dignity that has been lost 
What is that 
Do you not know 
Now place your right hand on your heart 
And head towards the f.l.a.g.!

Cries can be heard of the spirits who miserably struggle towards the false image as they sob

In front of our proud flag 
I strongly pledge that I will devote my body and mind 
for the eternal equality of our homeland and nation~!!!
