REAL MUTHAPHUKKIN G'S

Real muthafuckin G's...
Real muthafuckin G's...
Real muthafuckin G's...
Real muthafuckin G's...

(Eazy-E)
Hey Yo doctor, here's another proper track
and it's phat, watch the sniper, time to pay the piper
and let that real shit provoke, so you's a wanna be 'loc
and you'll get smoked and i hope that yer fans understand
when ya talk about sprayin me, the same records that ya 
makin' is payin me
Motherfuck Dre
Motherfuck Snoop
Motherfuck Death Row
yo and here comes my left blow
'cuz i'm the E-A-Z-Y-E, and this is the season
to let the Real motherfuckin G's in, ya like a kid ya
found a pup and now yer dapper, but tell me where the
fuck ya found an anorexic rapper
talkin 'bout who ya go squabble with and who ya shoot
you're only 60 pounds when yer wet and wearin boots

Gansta Dresta:
damn E, they tried to fade you on Dre Day

Eazy:
But Dre Day only meet Eazy's pay day
all of a sudden Dr Dre is a G thang, but on his 
old album covers he was a she thang
so Nigga please, Nigga please don't step to deez
motherfuckin' Real G's

Yo Dre, whassup? *bang*
man you should of known by now...
Yo Dre, whassup? *bang*
man you should of known by now...

Gangsta Dresta:
Everyday its a new rapper, claimin to be dapper then
the Dresta, softer then a bitch but portrayed the roll
gangster, ain't broke a law in yer life, yet every time you rap
you yap about the guns and knifes, just take a good look
at the Nigga, and you'll capture the fact, that the bastard is
simply just an actor, who mastered the bang and the slang
and the Mental, of Niggaz in Compton, wattz, and South Central
never ever once have you ran with the turf, yet in every verse you
claim you used to do the dirt, but tell me who's a witness
to your fuckin work, see ya never had no buiness, so
save the drama jerk, Niggaz straight kill me
knowin that they pranksters, this is going out to
you studio gangsters,see i did dirt, put in work, and 
many Niggaz can vouch that, so since i got stripes
i got the right to rap about that, but Niggaz like you
i gotta hate ya, cos i'm just tired of Suburbian Niggaz talkin about 
they comin from projects
knowin ya ain't seen the parts of the streets G
think ya started tryin to bang around the time of the peace treaty
wearin khackis and mob while ya rhyme, little fag
try to sag, but ya flooding at the same time,
and your set don't accecpt ya, so ya scared to kick it with yer homies
'cuz ya know they don't respect ya, So Nigga please check
nuts before ya step to deez, motherfuckin Real G's

(BG Knockout)
Well, it the Knock Out, definition orginal baby gangster
approach me like you hard, motherfucker i'ma bank ya
shank ya, with my fuckin shank, if i havta
Dr Dre and Snoop Dogy Dogg are fuckin actors
pranksters, studio gangsters, busters
but this time yer dealin with some real motherfuckers
G's, Nigga please, don't try to step
because if ya do, then a pill cap is all that would be left
see, young Niggaz like me, will break ya off somethin,
claimin my city, but Dre you ain't from Compton
Niggaz like ya'll is what i call Wanna be's it aint shit compared
to Real Motherfuckin' G's

poppin on this track, we ruthless
Yo Dre, wassup *bang*

Eazy:
I never met an OG who never did shit wrong
ya tried to dis the Eazy-E so now Nigga it's on you
and ya Doggy Dogg, think yer all honk and shit
both of you bitches, can come and suck my Doggy dick
beatin a bitch don't make ya shit, but then again some Niggaz
think it makes a man, Damn it's a trip
how a Nigga could switch so quick from wearin lipstick
to smokin on Chronic at picnics, and now ya think yer bigga
but to me you ain't nothin but a bitch ass Nigga
that ain't worth a food stamp, and at 
Death Row, i hear yer gettin treated like Boot camp
gotta follow yer seargents directions, or get yer ass
pumped with a Smith and Wesson, learn a lesson from the Eaz
Stay in your place and don't step to Real motherfuckin G's

Yo Dre, Whassup? *bang*
dre should have known by now..
Yo Dre (whassup?) *Bang*
dre should have known by now...
Yo Dre (whassup)*bang*
dre should have known by now, Eazy duz it....
