BE THE REASON YOU SMILE

(50 Cent)
Yeah, something special you know? Something epic. Lloyd Banks
You know cuz a nigga thuggin don't mean he don't wanna see you smile, baby.

(50 Cent)
We wanna be the reason you smile (3x)
After you wipe away your tears and dry your eyes.

(Lloyd Banks)
I'm gettin the feelin you wanna take revenge,
From the conversations we havin', the way it ends.
You wanna discuss me in front of your lady friends.
That's why it's just me and my Mercedes Benz.
It all depends, maybe if we make amends we can start from scratch.
Learn to control your temper and remarks in fact.
We plan to be platonic, but the heart's in tact.
So everytime we separate somebody's marchin' back.
Young May's and then the sack...
Eyes slanted like you're Asian, but you're Black.
God bless whoever gave you all of that.
If you've seen it from the back, you'd understand why they still like that.
It ain't to Florida with tours, the Lord knows.
The pussy good enough to miss award shows....
And I ain't gotta say nothing, she just knows
By the way I lick her though to take her from her clothes up and down ooOOOOh....

(Chorus: Lloyd Banks and 50 Cent)
Whenever I'm not around, and you're feeling down, let the thought of me be (the reason you smile)
I don't wanna see you frown, make them kids watch and clown, I wanna bring you joy and be (the reason you smile)
You leanin' on my style, you know how I get down, I'll provide by any means to be (the reason you smile)
We done been through the ups and downs, and drama for a while, I'm just happy I'm around to be ( the reason you smile)

(Lloyd Banks)
The main reason that I been looking at you pitiful,
With about half of the shit that I done did to you.
Violated or tiptoed into a crib or two.
I've complained to be a bigger individual.
Even though they visible, the evenings when I visit you
Kinda makes me feel lucky cuz I see niggaz when you teasin' with your physical,
She wanna wreck up the rooms, I ain't got no more wind left
Wild while on my section-made princess, my foreign chick bad but she bitchrest,
Plus it's hard to communicate, cuz she don't speak in no ingles.
I been around the world, state to state, but now I'm back
Bustin' in your bathroom, got you laughing in your shower cap.
Let's get it on, cuz I'm leaving in an hour flat.
Really don't matter. She's mad even when I holla back.
All I really need is your attention for a while, and I bet you I can make you smile.

(Chorus: Lloyd Banks and 50 Cent) (2x)
Whenever I'm not around, and you're feeling down, let the thought of me be (the reason you smile)
I don't wanna see you frown, make them kids watch and clown, I wanna bring you joy and be (the reason you smile)
You leanin' on my style, you know how I get down, I'll provide by any means to be (the reason you smile)
We done been through the ups and downs, and drama for a while, I'm just happy I'm around to be (the reason you smile)

(50 Cent)
We wanna be the reason you smile (3x)
After you wipe away your tears and dry your eyes...
