RUNAWAY

I would give my life for you. you mean the world to me.baby, baby, baby, baby,
Babe oh oh .... you know i love you.(ah come on yeah,yeah) i wanna be together
We can runaway.(its nb-ridaz) just me and you.( same klick new tile tile)just
You and me. will you runaway with me.

The day that i wrote these words for you i cry.i could die that day.happy and
Complet man cause in the plam of my hands evrything that i dream for more and
You know that i'm down for yours forever in life the reason that i made you my
Wife is because you seen me for me. the real me and love me uncondishly and
Ever with the seurcom that i hand it you still gave me a chane and thats why i
Live and breath for you and the kids and you give more then this fame could
Ever give me.and now my life is seciftiy and complet., avsion are coming ture
Yeah of me and you. placeing rings on each other fanger saying i do. you suck
With me thught my thick and thin.to go back. live life over agina non this is
My desteny it was worth the aueny to get the easty.

We can runaway send some time. always be the one right by your side. tell the
Whole world that you be along to me. you are me everything. oh..... i want
Runaway with you. do, do, do, .... (chorus)

I never ever meat a shorty that was quit like you. when ever thoght it was
Worng i fall in love with you. now we sit here not knowing really what to do.
But i'm suer that you know that i'll give the world to you. if i could runaway
With you. i even think twice. i pomise girl i put it all on the line. i know
That forever seems to be a long time. but thats what i'm seeing when i look
Into your eyes. and it don't matter what your forends might say. cause i know
That deep inside you fell the same way.you can tell me what you want.but i
Could read your mind. so qiut lieing to yourself. and put your hand in mine. i
Get exicted every time that you come close. and being right here with you is
What i love the most. so many time that you are feeling long inside. we can
Runaway together leave this world behinde.

(chorus)

Wakeing up in the moring. and you are still not there. can we runaway and
Exaspse somehwere. missing your sofe touch your lipes next to mine. holding up
Yoyr hands as you look in my eyes. what must happen to love that we both felt
Inside. emions were strong and the feelind was right. now we don't speak
Anymore. you went your own way. and thats what loves about then i was miss
Leaded. go head and take your time. if that if waht you need. my love for you
Is forever and my heart for you bleeds. things happen for a reason. so i ask
Myself. should i be strong or wait or move on to someone else i know that you
Still love me. i can feel it inside you always keep it real no games no lies if
You ever feeling aloning feel the need to get away
Call me up i'll be there together we will runaway .

(chorus)
