DESTINY

200 years from now
no one will care that you existed
except of course
that you leave your footprints on the sands
of time... the legacy you left
the changes you brought
the hearts you touched
these will be the only proof that you lived
Your destiny is by choice, not by chance
if you do not fight for it
you will not attain it
The questions that plague humanity
why am I here on earth? And why was I born?
Is it an empty fallacy to believe
that I exist for a divine purpose?
Or am I truly fashioned and designed
by a Supreme Entity?

What is destiny anyway?

Is it some hocus
pocus psychic ideology
that the weak use to escape reality?
Or is just man's own creativity
drawn into a pattern to depict
that we are more than natural beings?
Or is it truly a tangible reality
left unrevealed to the senses?
If truly, I am created by God
and put here on earth by Him
then my destiny must be
the creator's intention for His creation
the preordained purpose of a thing
the very reason why I was born
Trees, fish, land nature
did all of these just accidentally
fall into place
or are all the pre calculated
premeditated spiritual outflows
of a Divine Entity. Surely
He has made His infallible esteemed nature
obvious in the things He has created
every blink and brink of nature
placed so perfectly in place to allow synchrony
of every insect, plant and fish
which each's role to play
Just like pesticides were made for weeds
and medicines were made for the sick
God has created you that though your deeds
you might meet a need


Your Destiny Is Defined
And Determined By God Almighty
But It'S Up To You To Make It Reality

Your destiny is your earthly Mission
Packaged in your mind as a God-given Ambition
Woven by the threads of your Vision
Fuelled by an inner drive called Passion
To move you from oppression to your Destination

So stop asking for approval and Permission
God alone has made provision for your Vision
If you got the will and Determination
Then prosperity shall be your Portion

If you believe now, make the Decision
Step out of doubt and take Action
Start now, no Contemplation
Doubt is the enemy's greatest Deception

There is a seed inside of you
that needs germination
A dream that yearns for realization
But fear and shame keep it from expression
And slowly you shrink and miss the audition

Where vision and action make the decision
To rise against opposition, we will change this nation
I don't care if you are so poor you work at a bus station
With vision and action comes provision
for completion of mission
and transportation to destination

This nation is not in the hands
of those in big positions
It's in the hands
of the 19-year-old boy working in the park
under harsh condition
Thinking he has no other option

Or the 23 year-old girl struggling
thinking she needs accreditation
to change her nation
Or the 68 year-old man who has to beg
for his pension whom in all frustration
curses his nation

What is your contribution, congregation?
To a nation where remission
and depression are not regarded as violation

The gold of our earthly
walk lies beyond the enticement of money
and mansions
If you think possessing worldly possessions is your function?
Then your perception is an abomination

Seek divine direction
And through divine inspiration
You will arise to God's expectation

Christianity is not religion
Christ didn't come that we might have a denomination
But He came to alleviate condemnation bring forth redemption
Establish justification and sanctification

Now you attained Salvation
Well, look around, is there celebration?
Creation is still groaning for your manifestation
So stop blaming the government for your situation
For such acts prompt the Almighty to provocation
'Cause you do not understand that over this nation, you have dominion
And you are the most valuable part of the equation

I'm saying that you can change this nation
Is that just a stupid assertion?
Or false speculation?
Or can you truly be the revolution?


The answer is yes
But as of now, live a life of distinction
Accept correction and embrace submission
You do not have to be a pastor to do ministration
Or a priest to believe your life is a vocationk

Start your project, commence your business
sing your song, whatever
God will handle your formation

Start Now! Or You Might Never Start

Enough hesitation, today is graduation
Enough poverty and humiliation
Welcome to maturation
Gets up now and be the elevation
Take precaution but avoid too much caution

Stay focused in all concentration
And let your breakfast always be meditation

Regardless of your situation
God is sending the connections
So let thoughts of doubt
and fear not be your portion
'Cause He who started this good work
will bring it to completion
He will be there from introduction
to conclusion until you arrive your destination
