ROLLING

ROLLING
T-on
[Intro]
Nigga ur ready? … Uh... yeah… T-on… when the night comes I’m out… I’m rolling.

[Chorus] (JUST ONCE)
So don’t look at me when I’m rollin’,
Nigga can’t u see that I’m ballin’?
When u see me around call the police,
The fear on your bones, I can notice.

[Verse 1 – T-on]
I’m ready to come out when the sun is ready to leave,
You’d betta don’t doubt my attitude when u see me around here.
I’m wut I gotta be, This life I wanna lead, this way I wanna keep, u ain’t gonna change a G.
On my block, on yo block for me there isn’t obstacles,
I’m gonna rock and nonstop, pop ya niggas like tomatoes.
When I stand in the corner a little, they start the rap battle, ya niggas trynna get in the middle, but suckas don’t stand in the ghetto.
For shizzle my hood ain’t an amusement park,
Don’t play with me ‘cause there isn’t check-mate in cards.
In here the only one that judge is Lord, now I jus’ look straight forward, ‘Cause I just trust in God watching my backward.
I got no heart, no mercy. Shit! I’m cruel like a thug,
If u don’t wanna die thirsty u gotta drink ya own blood.
I got nobody to trust, the rule’s survive at all costs plus I must kill before another bust us.

(Chorus 2x)

[Verse 2 – T-on]
When I’m rolling on the streets always attractin attentions,
I’ve got a lotta homies warriors so much as a legion.
I’ve got no religion, for me there isn’t peace pigeons,
You’d better look for a surgeon to fix it and charge millions.
I wear my soul in my clothes before start rolling,
Everything I’ve told ya didn’t know ya curiosity’s growin’.
Yo envy also grows when I’m ballin, while ya fame’s fallin,
I can see ya in the window callin the police’s comin.
But when they get here I’m far away,
Ya’ll wanna be like me but u won’t never be the same.
Keep on look for traces I can see the doubt in ya faces,
I’ve got fast paces, every night my history has more pages.
I got no haste, for that reason I walk slow and bobbin’,
Sometimes I come over the club to watch the hoes droppin’.
Comin’ from down to top, as a volcano she’s hot,
Shakin’ her ass nonstop, bitches like her I got a lot around my cock.



(Chorus)

[Break]
Ya know that I always roll alone,
Go at the night and return at dawn.
Before leavin ask God to protect me,
Together with Devil I laugh while ya bleed.
Going anywhere I’m never afraid,
Whole my life was between Love and Hate.
Only my feet know where I roll,
Then when the moon calls me, I go.
