WITHOUT DOUBT

WITHOUT DOUBT
T-on 

[Intro]
Yo… yo… let’s love… Shawty ya know I want… So come… We’ll get nowhere alone… uhuh.

[Hook]
Shawty show me your perfection,
Increase our connection.
Let me answer ya questions.
Wut more you want more I’ll give you.

[Chorus]
Shawty prove me it worth-while,
You prefer wild or mild?
Be alone is outta style.
Shawty u know that… I’ll do… All… You ask for.
Tonight I’m gonna be ya boy,
You’re gonna be my toy,
Nobody’s gonna annoy.
You’re gonna love me somehow… Then right now I’ll tell I want u… Without doubt.

[Verse 1 – T-on]
There are many ways to express wut I feel,
Some niggas write love letters other use ecstasy pills.
Lil mama I could just put ya picture on my website,
Or pay a message car to come round your house some night.
I could just make a rap with ya name,
But wut I’m feelin’ even a Shakespeare’s poem can’t explain.
Ah I remember like if it was yesterday,
I looked at u you did the same.
It was like a magic trick,
Everybody just disappeared.
United through our meaty lips,
The rest I don’t need speak.
I hadn’t no choice you attracted me like a mermaid,
When I heard ya voice there was nothing else left to say.
You’re the flower of the hood, you’re the owner of the pleasure,
You better than Italian food, you’re my goddess in any mood.
Don’t try get away ‘cause now you bound to me,
Please get it like a said without doubt it is.

(Chorus)

[Verse 2 – T-on]
Our first time will be the one I’ll keep forever,
The love I’m givin’ you nobody had received ever.
Actually I guess you mustn’t take it at serious,
I think across the limits is for curious, not for us.
Let’s keep it just as an erotic nurse,
You gotta grab the rapper otherwise he’s gonna grab u first.
If you ask I’ll go slow if u like I’ll go fast,
You gon’ have fun all night long and then you’ll wanna stop and rest.
Tonight your bedroom gonna be our playground,
Try don’t grunt so loud at last we’re in the hotel.
U won’t get describe neither the north nor the south,
I’m gonna teach you positions that you gonna doubt.
Hide yourself under the sheet and wait me turn off he lights,
Then when we finish that I’m a chill and smoke a pipe.
Tonight will be good, but tomorrow I’m gone,
Don’t think I’m bein’ rude, ‘cause I’m better alone.

(Chorus 2x)

END
