FLOWER OF THE HOOD

FLOWER OF THE HOOD

T-on

[Intro]
Ayo… I wanna feel ya perfume… flower of the hood… Hahaha.

[Chorus]
When you stepped to me, I didn’t believe, but now I can see, you were made for me.
Make my dream come true, the things we could do, my fantasy with you, flower of the hood.

[Verse 1 – T-on]
Green eyes looking at me, the body that J-lo would ask to got,
Listening to my flow she moved nonstop,
Making everybody get crazy making the club rock.
Shaking her hips with lotta fastness,
Her skin sweated with a little fitness.
Hair wet and meaty lips,
Dancing with much sensuality just like a strip.
Strait clothes, queen mode,
What are you waiting for? Come close.
My intentions with you are no good to expose,
Don’t matter, I want you at all cost.
‘Cause baby you gon’ get wut u want in my bedroom,
Let’s fuck until we sweat and later watch the moon.
You know what I want, I know what you need,
The solution for your matter you just can get with me.

(Chorus)

[Verse 2 – T-on]
Maybe a night, maybe for life,
I ask myself if the answers are on ya tights.
Maybe with me, maybe right here,
Only with you, Only you can make my heart beat.
Let’s go slow, girl ya know,
Let’s make it hot in my spot at body and soul.
Girl I wanna stay with you until the party end,
I already love ya and don’t know ya name yet.
Oh girl we gon’ blow like a bomb, neither better nor worse you’re gon’ hang with T-on.
‘Cause if you go I gon’ go dancing low to the floor yo and together for sho’.
Drinkin’ chillin’ out, God damn I’m lost on ya smile, 
Grinnin’ screamin’ loud, givin’ kisses in ya mouth.
And on my bed I’m gonna kiss ya from down to top,
I’m gonna give ya tha true pleasure until you beg to stop.

(Chorus)

[Verse 3 – T-on]
Head bobbin’ yeah, DJ poppin’ yeah,
For sure I’m glad since then I got in here.
My mind blowin’, Ya mind blowin’,
The club is hot but still we’re dancin’ slowly.
Don’t play with me, take care of me,
Baby I can be rougher than the rough sea.
Now I’m so happy ‘cause I got a shawty,
Nothing else can happen to fuck up with my party.

[Break]
Girl move it to the ground,
Only you can stop that crowd.
Everyone gon’ scream it loud,
Flower of the hood got in here now.
My body is sweat like yours,
I wanna get right tonight too.
All those girls wanna dance like you,
Come here and show ‘em how you do.

(Chrous)

END
