LUNATIC

LUNATIC
T-on
[Chorus]
When stand in the pool make me with no comments,
Sorry baby but I think watch ya is my enjoyment.
Ya know I love ya more than I loved another chick,
Then when u near I start acting like a lunatic.

[verse 1]
So baby mama now it’s time to confess,
It’s course I can’t keep my feeling in secret.
The words inside my mouth are ‘bout to explode,
All my homies are saying that I’m gone to be loc.
That’s wut I hope, then please leave a sign,
It’s up to you if I’m gonna sleep tonight.
The first sight was I hypnotized thru ya mouth.
After seein ya eyes I couldn’t control myself.
I’m trying holla at ya but this ain’t hard for me,
But when I’m ready to do it, you don’t feel at ease.
If u stay with me you gonna have the best treatment,
I promise everyday u live with me gon’ be different.
I’m talking about romance then please understand,
Let’s make an alliance let’s make a happy end.
Ya know wut I intend but don’t know it’s grand,
My destiny is on ya hands the message is sent.

(Chorus)

[Verse 2]
Each second far from ya it’s almost a year,
Vacations in a Caribbean Cruise have no cost for me.
Then see, think serious about us,
Blow an opportunity might be very dangerous.
Jus’ because you don’t know me it don’t mean you can’t trust,
I can be your best friend you jus’ need allow me first.
Forget about them all and about their dirt work. 
Make sure your feelings will never be hurt.
Only me and u in my Beamer ridin’ around the world,
VIP cabins where only the most close watch my shows.
I know a beautiful place with great choral to dive,
You birthday is close what about collar with ices.
Sweet and nice, ya happiness has no price,
For you my love has no size wanna bet throw the dice.
Countin’ with that it’s twice, wait for the next surprise.
Eliminating broke dudes like mice, guess who the prize is.
(Chorus)

[Break]
I promise you the best things a woman can want,
If you can have me why insist on living alone?
The question is who does ya heart belong?
Let me leave a trail the first letter is T-on.

(Chorus)
