ONE DAY

ONE DAY

T-on

[Intro]
Everyday I watch ya pictures... in my PC monitor or in prints ... doesn’t matter… For me you’re perfect anyway.

[Hook]
One day… One day… One day… One day…

[Verse 1 – T-on]
I always thought u were hot in the beginning,
But wut I’m feeling now has another meaning.
Please don’t think wrong that’s not wut’s seeming,
But only God can stop a man when he’s dreaming.
It keeps on being hard love ya and you don’t return,
Still I say I’m outta break in a road with lotta curves.
Each kilometer that divides us is sharp and hurts,
I intend have u pictured in every coat in every shirt.
It’s weird, my plans, my dreams are far to come true,
But u can wait for me that one day I’ll be coming for u. 
Yo, I dream of you every time even without sleep,
Now I play on lotto thinking about one day I kiss ya lips.
Not even trillions can pay the chance to touch ya hips,
Famous and beautiful, anyone would cut own wrists.
But you’re a celebrity different form other chick,
But the reality is thick like a brick u even don’t know I exist.

[Chorus]
I think about u all the time,
See us together in my mind.
Dream of one day u be mine,
But you too far to find.

There aren’t words to say,
Nor to describe yo way.
We ain’t got time to waste,
I wish I had ya one day.

[Verse 2 – T-on]
You’re too far I don’t know if I’ll get to reach u,
I guess I’ve got 10% of chances to get rich too.
Those difficulties won’t get stop me to wish u,
My mind is fixed on u and nobody gon’ switch to.
Love me mightn’t be so difficult, if one day I meet you,
Better I’m gonna treat u, so many things I’m gonna teach u.  
If the things ain’t going good, now ya know the right place to get amuse.
hey would you swap your rides in ya limousine?
Wear cheap clothes instead of the gutti lingerie.
Go to the movies instead of going to the theater,
The sweet taste of the hood than the wealth’s bitter.
I know everybody wanna live a life with good conditions,
Go everywhere, do everything without any contradictions.
But now put yourself in my position, I live in a perdition,
My story ain’t a fiction, you leaving me without options.
	
(Chorus)

[Verse 3 – T-on]
I hope one day God make up his mind see me,
I hope one day on radios on TVs you hear me.
If you know me u gon’ find out reasons to believe me,
Our connection is very low and only you can increase it.
Whole world will judge me like a visionary,
Rapping with for a girl like u only with a dictionary.
They’ll think about having sex but to u I wanna marry,
And at the top of the cake I’m gonna put a cherry.
You might travel to Paris every weekend to go shopping,
Think without true love got everything but you got nothing.
Think got a lot of friends but at ya back they’re plotting,
In wealth or disease but only with money you’ve got ‘em.
I understand you that loving you there’s a crowd,
A lotta powerful niggas not even a machine can count.
Ya know I came from South, where love let us down,
One day you’re gonna found out that I want u without doubt.

(pause)

(Chorus)

[Bridge]
I just want an opportunity to holla,
See ya smile but don’t for a collar.
Prove ya that I can love ya like no other,
Make ya happy but not with those dollars.

(Chorus)
