MARY JANE

Are you insane like me? been in pain like me?
Bought a hundred dollar bottle of champagne like me?

Just to pour that motherfucker down the drain like me?
Would you use your water bill to dry the stain like me?

Are you high enough without the mary jane like me?
Do you tear yourself apart to entertain like me?

Do the people whisper 'bout you on the train like me?
Saying that you shouldn't waste your pretty face like me?

I've be living with the demons that I got in my soul
I been thinking bout the pain that I got on my mind
My concious only sings from the things that I did
I been praying for forgiveness of the way that I live
You can find me in the zone I swear to god I is
Ain't nobody breeding currently the words like this
I'm a different type of nigga
Never worried bout the forms
I was focused on progression
Bitch I gotta get it done
I said I tried to bring it in
But ain't nobody get in once
A nigga pressure was minding
I had to find a way around it
I ran a couple miles couldn't find myself
Gon' get fucked up cause it always help
Imma drown in my sorrows all by myself
On a quiet night you'll find me staring at the wall
With a somber thought
I feel like I been here before my nigga
Tell me what you really know my nigga
I'm insane like a mother fucker
Try to find a way to articulate
Taking plenty of time to author ridiculous text
I been giving you real even
Though I'm riddled with stress
Turn 1, hit 2, hits 3, hits 4
I cry for help but nobody respond
My emotions gone yeah they all up and long
My self-esteem left
And my confidence squandered
Got all of this pain that I deal with alone

Are you insane like me? been in pain like me?
Bought a hundred dollar bottle of champagne like me?

Just to pour that motherfucker down the drain like me?
Would you use your water bill to dry the stain like me?

Are you high enough without the mary jane like me?
Do you tear yourself apart to entertain like me?

Do the people whisper 'bout you on the train like me?
Saying that you shouldn't waste your pretty face like me?

I been killing myself for a dream I don't even believe in
It's really entertaining when you give it your all
I put my soul upon the table
All they do in analyze it
I beseech the simple rhymes
That I ain't never told nobody
When I start a rap the suicidal thoughts
Are running rampant through my mind
I made the mental find a way I guess
I can really make it vivid
So they see the clearer picture
Of depression pain
I can't take this shit
My god
Tell me why you put me in for
I'm gone
And I don't want to live no more
Oh lord
The pain is temporary I hope
I know
That I was not created just to waste
And that's the truth
So why the fuck do I feel crazy
Can't explain it
It's a feeling deep inside of me
I got no witnesses left
I know I'm lost on the path I chose
Never lie upon the record as I will not be exposed
I'm only giving reality
I'm a lyrical legend
My complimentary honesty is a rarity yes
You feed the fallacy to them
But I'm not really impressed
Cause I can read between
The lines of deceitful lies
Are you insane like me?
Been in pain like me?
Do you tear yourself apart
To entertain like me?
Want to change like me?
But you can't like me?
Terrified of your misery
Going to remain like me?

Are you insane like me? been in pain like me?
Bought a hundred dollar bottle of champagne like me?

Just to pour that motherfucker down the drain like me?
Would you use your water bill to dry the stain like me?

Are you high enough without the mary jane like me?
Do you tear yourself apart to entertain like me?

Do the people whisper 'bout you on the train like me?
Saying that you shouldn't waste your pretty face like me?
