WHAT YOU SAY

Understand the style that's fat like a cow
Wise like a serpent, wide eyed like an owl
How many emcees must get dissed like this?
This is the question. i keep ya guessin. i teach a lesson
To the ignorant, lyrically illiterate, id-i-ots
You fools need a good smacking,
Your styles like an egg made out of steel, it ain't crakin
What you know about the puerto rican eradicator?
Tragic like gladiator for all of bitin' alligators
Cali haters, lolly-gaggers, sluggards, the validators
Tell you it's fresh, but those are your yes man and your salivators

I love singin' pretty good at mud slingin'
I love dreamin' about keepin' you thugs steamin'
I bug demons n' spirits of rappers with bunk meanin'
Cook from l.a. symphony they call us young he-men.

What you say?
We be emcees that's cut from a different mold
I play the humble but ya'll don't understand
We stay away from stories that's forever told
What you say huh? (repeat)
None of us be the battlin' type
But if we gotta, it's for sure we gonna serve em
And you know we gotta keep the crown hype
What you say huh

I'm on some duran duran with the reflex/which emcee's next
To get checked?/ you just an insect like my ex-girls's
Architect
You better come correct/ step, before i blast you to the upper deck
Take this personal i purposely mean to disrespect
Awe man, come on, with your to the break of dawn
Switch it to the megatron extra loud like megaphone
Microphones will make it long as i flip and take upon
The burden of the surge'n for your rhymin' that is wrong
Yeah man i start rappin then fools give me props and say i'm
Hot like shadrac
And them other two dudes that got locked cause i'm
Extraodinare fly like jordan air shoe be so it shouldn't matter

If you be posted on the wall or on
The floor bilamosin throw ya hands in the air wave'em like the ocean oh
Sense i ain't got no more time left i guess i better let you
Know that my crew is the best and i'm out

What you say?
We be emcees that's cut from a different mold
I play the humble but ya'll don't understand
We stay away from stories that's forever told
What you say huh? (repeat)
None of us be the battlin' type
But if we gotta keep the crowd hype
What you say huh?

My first impulse when i see you is to bleed you/
Had a chance to bust/ now i conclude you no longer need to/
Given the fact your track record sucks/ i've had enough/
Money, by lyri-cals be fly like sky/ that's on the word up
Although i don't like writin' i got you bitin'
Off the super def dj slash mc/ that's me/
Your inglewood president got you suckers knowin' i'm sick/
When comin' off the head quicker than squint edits my lyrics.
Well they call fatlip, the eligable bachelor
Cause to the ladies, i'm quite an eye-catcher
Mic's like a spatula cause i'm a flow-flipper
I attack the track just like jack the ripper
You're just a skipper, i'm the captian of the ship
Cause when this record sells, we goin fishin for chips
Don't even ask how dope it is,
L.a. symphony conductin themselves in a manner that's
Appropriates

What you say?
We be emcees that's cut from a different mold
I play the humble but ya'll don't understand
We stay away from stories that's forever told
What you say huh? (repeat)
None of us be battlin' type
But if we gotta, it's for sure we gonna serve em
And you know we gotta keep the crowd hype
What you say huh?
