SPRINT!

They can run
But they cannot hide

Come on now

(Go go go go go)

They'll never get away

Let's go!

We need to dig deep to keep the beat moving
We could be up at the peak of three losing
Knowing that we'll melt and we're back in a cell?
So we'll have to propel like a bat outta hell

Got a ways to go, pick up the pace
You can see the skin pulling off my face
Legs are aching when I'm taking a bow
But I won't stop feet don't fail me now

I'm filling up my lung capacity
To outrun anyone coming after me
When I peek to the rear, if they're near, then I streak to the clear
When I'm home Imma sleep for a year

There's no skein go full steam
Heartbeat like a fiend on methamphetamine
Pure speed, I move ahead
They got a sonic boom from a pencilhead

Dude I make Poppa grab a new bag
And have Michael Jackson asking who's bad
When I kick and jolt like Usain Bolt
In a hundred metre dash with a purebred colt

Man I'm hotter than Tapatio
Nerves shot like I drink frappuccino
Breaking down walls I'm a wrecking ball (boom!)
When I'm all gassed up like ethanol

Moving in a line double time I'm Benny Hill
When I'm on a thrill in a Benz like Emma Peel
Then I'll be the man in the lead of the whole stampede
Enemies all teethe like old Sam Sneed

I couldn't stop if I wanted to (no!)
Quicker than a hick, on the move
Doing mad laps across the maps (look out!)
Like a runaway train going off its tracks

U. D. lives as fugitives
A few steps ahead of the music biz
We stay young and independent
Somehow they want to come and end it

But that's okay, our will is strong!
We're gonna press on, we've been at it too long
We work, we slave, we paid our dues
You better watch out, we're breaking through!

Woo, Come on now, let's run, let's go!
Keep on running (Sprint!)
Keep on running (Sprint!)
Keep on running (Sprint!)
Keep on running (Sprint!)
Keep on (Let's go!)

Come on now (go go)
Come on now (go go go go aahh)

Pulling right to the max when the rival attacks
With the pipes and the bats I'm a knife through the gaps
I'm on the way without a long delay
I'm here and gone today you're yelling andale!

It's a hundred miles then run it again
I'm just past Yelin (?) and Mc Ren (Look out!)

(I'm outta here, see you later)

Man it's a blur living life on the road
You get weighed down you wanna lighten the load
So we're blowing off steam every night at a show
And I'm ripping our 85 mics in a row

Yo we gotta go to the checkered flag
Einstein got a weapon and a record bag
If the wax are squeaking like a hamster wheel
So man show the people that your hands are real (Einstein!)

(...)

Living on the land the band is ramblin
Can I withstand the bad man shenanigans?
Gotta have a plan and I can't be panicking
(Gasp) Caught my breath and I ran again

I wanna know who's chasing me
It might the mob or the Kgb
Could it be reality? Hey maybe
But I won't stop moving like Add

Man how much running do we have left?
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 steps
The bell lap, coming back, outta the depths
We're almost there, I smell success!

Gonna kiss that trophy when it's mine
I'll hold it up high at the finish line
Step for step we're straight and true
Sprint to the take, we're breaking through!

Don't stop (Come on man), Hurry up (Come on man) Hurry up
Keep on running (Sprint!)
Keep on running (Sprint!)
Keep on running (Sprint!)
Keep on running (Sprint!)
Keep on running (Sprint!)
(Gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go!)
Keep on running (Sprint!)
(Gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go!)
Keep on running (Sprint!)
(Gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go!)
Keep on running (Sprint!)
(Gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go!)
Keep on running (Sprint!)
(Gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go!)
Keep on running (Sprint!)
(Gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go!)
Keep on running (Sprint!)
(Gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go!)
Keep on running (Sprint!)
Keep on

Let's go (Come on man), (go go go) let's go

Hey, don't stop, come on man, hurry up, full speed, woo (oh yeah you did it now) (run, run, run run run)

Full speed ahead (Don't be leaving our trail)

Come on man, come on man, come on man, come on man (Ol!), come on man!
