WHAT'S IT GONNA TAKE?

Chorus:
What's it gonna take for the whole world to see
That something's going wrong in our society
You need to turn you life around before it's too late
So for you to learn, I wonder What's it gonna take?

Verse one:
Give me the microphone so I can get funky
It's the one and only D-Smooth the holy hip-hop junky
Nevertheless, I'm still hitting with the funkiest rhymes and styles
Bringing you smiles through trials
Ain't nothing to it but to do it that's why I do
The things I do when I grip the mic I'm ripping through
All sorts of barriers that try to hold me back
So if you want to ride hold on you might get whiplash
People come and ask me, Brother what'cha trying to do?
You're wasting time on these kids you should give up too
There is no hope for em so you should just ignore em
The love of Christ through my life is what I try to show em
Each and every single day, I got to pray for the lost
Hoping they repent and then come to the cross
This is way more than a funky beat to rap to
So just listen, I've got something to ask you

Chorus 2:
What's it gonna take for the whole world to see
That something's going wrong in our society
What can it be? There's too may dying
Too many crying and very few trying
Brother can't you see Why you're living this way?
On Judgment Day, What'cha gonna say?
You need to turn you life around before it's too late
So for you to learn, I wonder What's it gonna take?

Verse two:
Will it be a gun or will it be a knife?
Who will be that someone that will take your life?
Will the death of your kid or the death of your wife
Finally show you that you have to change your life
This ain't no joke, two year old babies getting smoked cause of a drive-by
Mamas dripping tears screaming, Why God?
Why does life have to be this way? That's the question I’m asking
Now spread some compassion
I wonder who will take a stand and help this nation
And understand that all man is Gods creation
Now, Do you know that your responsible for what you do
And everything you've ever done will be judged one by one
Ain't nothing new under the sun, nothings brand new
And just because your homies do it, you don't have to
You may fool your friends but God you can't fake
I know you're hurting deep down inside, so what's it gonna take?

Chorus 2

Verse three:
You think not but I can see that tear drop in your eye
Cause someone close to you recently had to die
Why? is the question that's running through your head
You blame God thinking he caused that persons death
Your wife left you cause you fell in love again
You found another love that is purchased in a can
You had a good job but suddenly it stopped
Cause you time and your money got consumed this thing called a rock
You tried suicide cause your boyfriend got caught sleeping with you best friend
You feel neglected, disrespected
cause when you were young by someone you got molested
So many problems, only one solution
I know someone who can be your resolution
You may fool your friends but God you can't fake
I know your hurting deep down inside, so what's it gonna take?

Chorus 2 till fade
