I GET DISTRACTED

All the time its always on my mind 
all the time its always on my mind 

the things that are running throught this young girls head 
when I get up in the morning when I'm going to bed 
When I'm crivin' in my car when I'm talking on my cell 
Crammin' for our final when I'm watching TRL 

I think about love 
I get distracted 
When I think about hooking up with you 
it gets all my concentration. 
Think about ohhh I get preoccupied you got me in a daze-- 
ohh... I get distracted, all the time, its always on my mind 

when I'm standing at the ATM 
when I'm stirring my sugar in my caffe-mocha blend 
when the radio is playing a song like this 
I float away somehow, dreaming of your kiss-- 

I know its crazy livin' in this fantasy, but I dont know how to break this spell 
you put on me. 
trying to stay focused on the things I'm supposed to do, but before I know it my 
attentions back on you. 

I think about love, (all the time) 
i get distracted, (its always on my mind) 
When I think about hooking up with you it gets all my concentration. 
think about oh, oh, i get preoccupied, you've got me in a daze 
I get distracted, yeah 
Disconnected, yeah 
It's what I do, I think about you 
Distracted, yeah 
cant help myself 
you got me in a daze 

i know its crazy living in this fantasy, but i dont know how to break this spell 
you put on me, trying to stay focused on the things I'm supposed to do, but 
before I know it, my attentions back on you. I think about love, 
I get distracted 
When I think about hooking up with you 
it gets all my concentration. 
Think about ohhh, I get preoccupied, you got me in a daze-- 
(come on breathe) 
distracted, whats a girl supposed to do? all i think about it you 
disconnected, its what i do, think about you 


I think about love, 
I get distracted 
When I think about hooking up with you 
it gets all my concentration. 
Think about ohhh, I get preoccupied, you got me in a daze-- 
ohh... I get distracted, all the time, its always on my mind
