SPACE FANTASY

We got e paksa in the house for the new century.
Listen up people, fantastic sound.
Move your body, dance your body.
Everybody get up! and say 1, 2, 3, 4!

E paksa and gazaebal(1) have arrived.
Are you ready for the bongjak(2)?

[1st verse]
Good, good... allright, good.
Hey, hey!

Hello. i'm korea's exciting e paksa!

I'm chasing around a sexy young lady... where is this? hawaii? (all
Right!)
I bought all the stars in the sky, i'm afraid my credit card is maxed
Out
(a-ha-ha)
Singing is exciting, i dance all day long (oh, yeah!)
And i can be as loud as i want. so what if it's a dream? i live how i
Want.
Hugging a boquet of flowers, with the planets that love the galaxy,
The moon, and the stars (yeah!)
Even if i try to run away to the edge of the universe,
My wife is right behind me. (allright)
The world follows the man who sings (oh!),
And the world is following me (allright)
No matter how crazy and loud i sing,
With the mike in my hand everything's ok (a-ha!)
Even if the world were to end, sing out!
No matter who taunts, bongjak is forever!
If you work hard, and so does the crowd; next sunday,
Yings will be exciting again!
(good, good, good... hey!)

[chorus]
You are my fantasy, my fantasy.
You are my fantasy, a fantasy i can't tell to others
Arirang spark(3) fantasy! "i am space fantasy"

[rap]
Fly, fly, e paksa! run, run, gazaebal!
Where to go, where to go, where is everyone going?
E paksa, tell us where everyone is going.
And where we can find some shapely women!
When you're with paksa, anywhere will work.
Where to go, where to go, space fantasy
Let's all go on a space fantasy!

[2nd verse]
The blond beauty's going crazy... where am i? outer space?
There's no gravity, no place to stand
It's tough to sing out here (oh yeah), will my checkbook survive?
(of course!)
I don't care if people call me a problem child, i can live how i want.
I'll sing till the edge of the horizon (allright) e paksa, bongjak
Forever!
When i put on a variety show, all the ladies go nuts!

[chorus]
You are my fantasy, my fantasy.
You are my fantasy, a fantasy i can't tell to others
Arirang spark fantasy! "i am space fantasy"

You are my fantasy (fantasy), my fantasy (fantasy).
You are my fantasy (fantasy), a fantasy i can't tell to others
(fantasy)

You are my fantasy (fantasy), my fantasy (fantasy).
You are my fantasy, a fantasy i can't tell to others... hey!

You are my fantasy, my fantasy.
You are my fantasy, a fantasy i can't tell to others
Arirang spark fantasy! "i am space fantasy"

[rap]
Fly, fly, e paksa! (good, good, good)
Run, run, gazaebal! (fantasy)
(crazy crazy) where are we going? where are we going? space fantasy!
Let's all go on a space fantasy!
(di di di di...)
Fly, fly, e paksa! (hee)
Run, run, gazaebal! (fantasy)
Where are we going? where are we going? space fantasy!
Let's all go on a space fantasy!
