MONEY

Man say the love have money (come on)
so no matter what dem say,
it's the order of the DJ!

Adam said "Eve, now listen to me.
Anything you want you can have.
So be a good girl, and let's make a deal.
Swimming pool and four car garage.
The world is your friend.
The door's opening.
Anything you want that you need.
Whoever you need, they're acting so sweet.
Money changes everything.!"

Money! Money, money, money, money, money, money
Money is the root of all evil!
x4

De one dollar bill dat a George washington
Two dollar dat a Thomas Jefferson
Five dollar bill a Abraham Lincoln
Ten dollar bill a Andrew Jackson
Twenty dollar bill a Alexander Hamilton
Big like giant or yah small like dwarf
Small like dwarf or yah big like giant
Fifty dollar bill, say dat a Ulyses Grant
Hundred dollar bill a Benjamin Franklin
Out pon de street there is a lot of killing
Fighting, fussing, blood is spilling
All over the world, man they are grilling
Out pon de street me have fi watch fi me head
In a me pocket and I don't got no bread
Buss up de copper and dem buss up de lead
Each and every day dem find another man dead.

Money! Money, money, money, money, money, money
Money is the root of all evil!
x4

I smell the smell going around.
I'm getting pounded in the ground.
With this funny money still cycling around.

You know the Euro, kicking Uncle Sam in the who know
You know, deniro, the root of all evil.
Yeah I know you can't stand it,
Being broker than the Ten Commandments,
And the broker ain't planned this.
Now they talkin' the Amero damn it.
When it come down to it,
Some can see right through it.

Chuck D, sorry that drink's not on me.
You can stick to it, just don't flip to it.
For the sake of money, superstar cars, you see hi-def on somebody's
plasma TV.
Who go from rags to riches and spend their riches on rags,
similar bags with designer name tags.
Be glad you got yourself cause they mad.
They fake, plus they making mad mistakes!
(they tell you your wise,)
You wait and see you can't replace that space.
And I bet money can't keep that smile on your face!

Everybody's nice to you now. (Money!)
Dollars and sense,(You mad at the money that you spent. uh!)
It's fun to do but is it allowed?(sing)
Poor girl in a house of correction.
You're sexy as hell but it won't pay the bills forever.
Bright lights and no information.
Your feet hit the ground, when you lost what you found.

Money! Money, money, money, money, money, money
Money is the root of all evil!
x8

Stay on top!
Make sure you make it,
Make sure that it don't make you!
That goes back old school as far as you can go back.
That's right, you make the money,
Make sure the money don't make you.
Be about something! 



by: Hanaê
