PLEASE (FEAT. ICE CUBE)

You fuck around and get around from the pound
When I'm busting
Niggers talk crazy till they feel the repercussions
The .... catch you in your street clothes
Niggers act streets but turn sheep when that heat rose

I keep the heat close, leave them underneath flow
Go ahead, gamble with your life nigger, heat rows
For pete sake, can you haters relay
Are you blinded by your envy that you couldn?t see straight nigger
Do you need some ... 
Are you desperate for a track, are you willing to buy a ...

Or they willing to buy locally?
Is your music nationwide that you spit it ...
You should ask yourself, most ... 
Get a chance, you should blast yourself
If I wanted your opinion I would ask your help
That's why every single night I gotta ask myself

Lord please, don't let me act a fool
Please, don't let me use the tool
Please, don't let me get distracted
Please, don't let me make it happen
Please, oh god, keep my integrity
Please, don't let me commit a felony
Please, forgive thy enemy
Please, forgive me cause you know I need therapy

Please, don't fuck with me, 
Every burst in the day Adam fucked with Eve
I mean worst than the day that they found them trees
With apples all on it, you niggers don't own it
Fuck my opponent, it's no competition

You're fat off desert, I'm still in the kitchen
Suckers get murked with all that ambition
You small potatoes, nigger I'm the greatest
Genghis Khan with chuck Taylor's ...
...bitch I'm James Bond

Jump off the plane, no parachute on, 
Land on my feet, nigger trick or treat
Smell my cologne, shot to the dome
If I act like this you would tell me I'm wrong
Should I crack you like crack or just sing this song
Lord help these niggers understand I'm grown

Lord please, don't let me act a fool
Please, don't let me use the tool 
Please, don't let me get distracted
Please, don't let me make it happen
Please, oh god, keep my integrity
Please, don't let me commit a felony
Please, forgive thy enemy
Please, forgive me cause you know I need therapy

And you know I need counseling 
So many haters now I stopped counting
I stopped checking the youtubes and comments
The bitch niggers making remarks to start conflicts
Conflicted in their life, cause they want a piece of scheme
And they wanna step in my light
If they try to make a move then they know the weapon is right

By my side when I ride I'm taking your breath of life
Huh, your spirit is now a kite
Every lyric is the wind no bringing you back to life
I could kill you with a pen the music is like a strike

Or blow but I know you never was that tight
And we never was that tight
I can .. .right
Got me in a place where ...
So every single night I'm saying the same shit 

Lord please, don't let me act a fool
Please, don't let me use the tool
Please, don't let me get distracted
Please, don't let me make it happen
Please, oh god, keep my integrity
Please, don't let me commit a felony
Please, forgive thy enemy
Please, forgive me cause you know I need therapy

It's like the mission ain't complete
Till these niggers ... heat, 
He don't even matter, 
They throwing shots at him
But they just ricochet when niggers say does not matter
It's not a ... nor a scratch ...

Under pressure while I flourish
I encourage niggers often try to ...who can stop them, not a soul
I show them what the game do, show them what I aim to
...begging me to save you, rain is what I gave you
Trying to doubt my ... nigger when I made you...
