ALL YOUR LOVE

It's hard loving someone else
When you barely got enough to love yourself
It's hard tryna ease someones pain
When your own hurt is more than you can take
But how the hell can we be lovers
If we dont even love each other.
If we're down for one another
We gotta find a way to cover
Each others backs, instead of tracks!
I wanna make you smile, instead of make you mad
And I wont act like im all that,
Cause if you left, I'd take you back.
I dont care what you've done done.
I just know I want your love

So can we just smoke?
Instead of arguing all the time?
I know you got alot on your mind.
And I know you think its unlady-like but
Boy it's been a hell of a night, sooo
Turn the lights down low,
It's time to let it all go
You can send your worries up to god above
So you can send me all your love

It's hard tryna shut my mouth
Especially when all this shit keep coming out 
(I dont really mean it baby)
And it's hard, letting problems go,
Especially when I already told you so
I gotta look over your shoulder,
To make sure you do what I told ya
You swear to god that you don't know her
We just keep getting all over,
Each other backs, instead of tracks
I wanna make you smile, instead of make you mad
And I wont act like I'm all that
Cause if you left I'd take you back
Cause I dont care what you've done done.
I just know I want you love...

Hard on the surface, soft on the inside
Cause inside I cry everytime you say bye
I man up and take it, but it takes time
Cause whenever your here, I still feel like 
I'm still on the safe side.
Danger danger!!!!
He just left me hanging.
Wish I could walk outta love, I dont know which door I came in
It's such a shame man, he got me blamin
Everybody but him for the shit that he's been sayin!
Who am I playin, thats a changed man
And I just wanna check his days out like the days inn.
He got me praising god, just for his presence
And I could never give him back, because I would just regret it
I could never forget it all the things 
that we been through, high school
New dudes and a couple baby blues.
I never got to chose, but I never really had to,
Before they ever checked you out, I already bagged you.

All your love, all your love
So you can send me all your love
All your love, all your love
So you can send me all your love
All your love, all your love
So you can send me all you love
All your love, all your love
So you can send me all your love
