ONLY HUMAN

I say momma, don't cry no more!
She say baby, don't lie no more!
Tell me the truth, when you gone come back home?
I said listen, mama I don't know!
I'm only human!

Poor, mama, spent four years praying for a daughter,
When she asked god for a girl,
I don't think I am what she thought for,
Cause my whole life I did nothing else except fault her,
Even 'till this day I don't live the way I was brought up,
See, I got caught up in a different kind of life,
She ain't raised me wrong, but I found a different kind of right,
And my brother moved back home, and they always tryna fight,
So I packed my shit and dipped, cause it was getting kinda' tight!
I became a hustla's wife, on the other side of the town,
She started wonder why I never come around!
Cause I'm too busy chasing different highs in different towns,
And if she ever saw me high that, would really bring her down.
So what now, too much time passes by,
And now I wanna see her, if I gotta see her cry,
My brother steady callin', trying to tell me I should try,
To ease the hurt, and make it work, for we run out of time.
Run out of time? that ain't right, she here forever!
In my mind she never dies,
And I mean never!
So I got plenty of time to make it better,
But every time she's tired to fix it I could never let her.

I say baby, don't cry no more!
She say mama, don't lie no more!
Tell me the truth, when you gonna come back home?
I said listen, baby I don't know!
I'm only human!

I look in her face and er gaze puts me in my place
Cause every second I ain't with her is another second wasted,
And I don't like the way you taste, bitter, sweet, sour days,
Working hour after hour, trying to keep her laced in j's
But what a fucking waste,
Waste of money, waste of time,
Cause she'd go bare foot just to have me home at night
It's bad enough her daddy couldn't do shit if he tried,
So the only parent she got left is taken by a 9 to 5
Make that nine to nine, these checks don't cut it,
So what if everything in me tells me I should say fuck it
I'll just keep on mopping floors
And let my tears fall in this bucket
Cause my daughter at home thinking
How the fuck she say she love me,
When she ain't never here
And she always drop me off,
At another mother fuckers house and she don't even call
Naw, she don't care at all, she just want to get the money,
But what good is the cash if I can't trade it for her loving.

I say baby, don't cry no more!
She say mama, don't lie no more!
Tell me the truth, when you gonna come back home?
I said listen, baby I don't know!
I'm only human!
I say mama, don't cry no more!
She say baby, don't lie no more!
Tell me the truth, when you gonna come back home?
I said listen, momma I don't know!
I'm only human!
