THE COLDEST WINTER EVER

My mother told me closed mouth don't get fed,
My daddy told me closed hands don't get bread,
The world told me closed minds don't get ahead,
But no one told me those words don't get said
Especially when you're so far gone 
and no one can tell you anything
And when you're living on your own 
you'll probably run to any man and
If you don't people just say that you just tryna meet the end,
But I know that I could find a way to live my dreams if biggie can
So here I stand, alone again, no home again,
And finally feeling grown again,
The next door neighbors say my momma on the phone again,
Telling me how she to broke 
to even lend a helping hand* so what's the plan?
There is no plan, I'll just get back up there and go try again.
I put my feet back on the ground and reach for the sky again
Until they see me standing tall and looking fly again!
It's time to grind again; it's time to put in work,
It's time to push this kush until I can get another shirt,
And if you cross me wrong, 
you'll end up lookin at me from the curb
Cause it's a cold ass world, don't get your feelings hurt!

You better wrap yourself alone, honey!
You better hold yourself together.
You better wrap yourself alone, honey!
(rap yourself alone!)
And get ready from this weather, yeah!
Cause it's cold, cold world to live with!
And this is your coldest winter ever!
The coldest winter ever!
The coldest winter ever!

So summer is over, fall is gone, and now the winter is here
Still trying to get inside the game, but I can't enter here,
Is like a atlantis telling god, man you should get her here!
When I get there is like atlantis tryna hender her
What do I do now, how do I get back right
And thinking why the city shines behind me like a back light!
And so I strap tight, but on my walking boots,
Even though I have no clue where I'm walking to!
Guess it don't matter, only matters where I'm walking through,
Cause hard times don't suck unless they're fucking you.
This people are animals, the city is the fucking zoo,
I'm the one who stays 'till they see my talent busting through.
I think my family sees it; I know my cousin do,
The more important question is how many others do?
Cause I've got shit to prove, and nothing to lose
Just a laptop, halftop and walking shoes.
I wish a nigga would try me with his attitude,
I'll fuck around and have all my bitches on the news.
Fuck the chip I've gotta an ice lock on my shoulder
And this world can get no colder, 
guess someboy should of told yah

You better wrap yourself alone, honey!
You better hold yourself together.
You better wrap yourself alone, honey!
(rap yourself alone!)
And get ready from this weather, yeah!
Cause it's cold, cold world to live with!
And this is your coldest winter ever!
The coldest winter ever!
The coldest winter ever!
