SOMEBODY ELSE'S MONEY

We can buy that mansion on the hill,
We'll fill it up until it's filled.
We'll buy a big black Cadillac
And we'll keep an extra one in the back.

We'll sit home just listening
To the sounds of the winds when they're breaking
And we can buy that diamond ring
And just about any other thing
With somebody else's money.

We can buy you that flower garden
With every rose that's ever risen.
With a blanket and a safety pin
We'll keep away all the boogie men.

And we can buy you that swing
Swing through the sky's openings
And we can buy that diamond ring
And just about any other thing
With somebody else's money.

We can tattoo nickels on our skin,
We'll drain our veins and put honey in.
We'll buy new fingers, two times ten,
We'll even put pennies in our chins.

We'll buy a silver set of wings,
Lay 'em on our backs for the winds
And we can buy that diamond ring
And just about any other thing
With somebody else's money.

We'll crash in on the neighbor's wedding,
We'll steal the cake and go running.
You'll head straight for the jewelry
And I'll steal the money like a lottery.

We'll buy a set of legs just for walking,
And another set of tongues for when you're small talking,
Another set of lips for being obscene
And another set of heads for Halloween.

And we can buy you that swing
To swing through the sky's openings.
We can buy that diamond ring,
Just about any other thing,
With somebody else's money.

We can buy babies for the babies,
We'll give them both big red ponies.
They'll live in that mansion on the hill
That we'll keep on fillin' until it's filled.

We'll watch the neighbors fatten up with greed
Watching us buying everything we don't need
I know they're listening
Through a telescope from across the street
Watching us fillin' up the bathtubs with sweets

Money, money, money.
Money on the floor, put money in the beds
Put money in the drains
Money comin' out of our heads,
Money, money, money.

We can kill many a dirty man
We'll buy the church when they bring us in.
We can buy anything

Because there's always something
That's so funny 'bout spending
Somebody else's money.

