SHOTTAS

wow-rahh!
t-pain ya boy sharp
wow-rahh!!
t-pain wow-rahh! ya boy thunda
(?) fire fire
fire fire rahh!
fire fire
yo yo yo

(verse 1-t-pain)
number 1 shotta
bad man make the girls shake like maracas
M-16 bust and take your whole top off
were deal ear me don't f*ck with the knock-off
push it to the limit and receive is the drop-off
ah ho no..and pop it off for the 8-5-0
build a fire let the stick...glow
weinadealina woahhh
and they won't bother me noooo
bust a top for the 850 ohohohoh
me say go! me say stop! pop! pop! raaaahhh! rahhh! rahhh!
bust a top for the 8-5-0...rahh rahh rahh

my boy carter now leader of the session
black GS pop it if we need an intervention
murder all these little song boys in succession
nig*as aint eatin..it's a kovict procession
gettin paid to shut down the show is my profession
f*ck keepin it easy i am not above aggression
approach if you want but use your own discretion
when i crush these rappas careers they get left in a depression

you better stand clear when the mike's in my possession
and i bust every year cuz that is my obsession
sal t that T-PAIN call it out the expression
black g's fire like a blacksmith from westside
i'm done mon

bustas don't bother me nooo
unless i bust a top for the 8-5-0 (oh oh oh oh oh oh)
me say go! me say stop! pop! rahh! rahh! rahh!
pop a top for the 8-5-0

pass it to the ear with a mere pom pom!
policeman they fear we don't keer pom pom!
pop it off and bust it open here pom pom!
let them hear pom pom! let them hear pom pom! let them hear pom pom!
rahh!
you see me coming man better get runnin man cuz when you see me you gon see me with my gun in hand
dont be a (?) man we makin money man
for we keep it comin comin
tell them fools they need to just shut up
roll near and farmer boys get f*cked up
keep on talking and we kick your door not on
find you in pieces your whole body cut up
your king shut up scared why get this oh no
dog don't argue to live this is so no
45 caliber will have your skin bono make your skin bono make your skin bono

bustas don't bother me nooo
unless i bust a top for the 8-5-0 (oh oh oh oh oh oh)
me say go! me say stop! pop! rahh! rahh! rahh!
pop a top for the 8-5-0
