SUPERSTAR LADY

T-Pain ft Young Cash

She got a stomach like ciara.
Hair Like Beyonce. Gabreille Union smile. Lips like Ashanti. Im k-ci and jo-jo. She is my madavante. Titties mooviabiane. Booty mucho grande . she is so excited like she is from another country. she is so erotic i load pornos every sunday. freaky in the bed i tie up like a mermaid. i got her let her meet my mum.

[chorus]

i think i gotta supperstar lady.(o yeah...yeah)she's addicted to the flesh and light camera action. a superstar lady. right out of hollywood everything you probably would boy and girl so i.
Break it down for shawty and she likes it she likes it. x2


Verse 2

she got em thigs like angelina.aguilera christina. searching for my shawty tell me have u seen her?. party like a hilton. sex like a cordation. god is so damm good to me what more can u ask more of her. i got her one of them jessicas.alba bill or simpsons. never been a alergy like scarlet johanson. she makes me feel good everytime that she gets with me i can be her cavemen.she can be my britney.

[chorus]
i think i gotta supperstar lady.(o yeah...yeah)she's addicted to the flesh and light camera action. a superstar lady. right out of hollywood everything you probably would boy and girl so i.
I Break it down for shawty and (she likes it). x2

verse 3

she got a booty like sirena
Thighs like Trina.
lips like that chick off that martin show tina.
shawty always looking fly everytime i see her. I might let my shawty drive my beemer.
me ima be on my passenger side. other girls jealous asking me why. and i tell them cause shawty is the baddest.she is flushed and she is aries. and i dont care if u get mad bitch. cause i know that u really wanna have this. from the way that u look is tragic. so dont let them dissapear that is magic.

[chorus]

i think i gotta supperstar lady.(o yeah...yeah)she's addicted to the flesh and light 
camera action. a superstar lady. right out of hollywood everything you probably would boy and girl so i.
Break it down for shawty and she likes 2x

By: PB
