CAN YOU FEEL IT?

Can You Feel It?

Can you feel it, can you feel it, can you feel it?
Can you feel it, can you feel it, can you feel it?

If you look arround
The whole world is coming together now, yeah
Can you feel it, can you feel it, can you feel it?

Feel it in the air
The wind is taking it everywhere, yeah
Can you feel it, can you feel it, can you feel it?

Yeah, all the brothers of the world should be
Lovin' each other wholeheartedly
Yes, it's all right
Take my message to your brother and tell him twice (aha)
Spread the word and try to teach the man
Who's hating his brother, when hate won't do
Cause we're all the same, yes the blood inside me is inside of you
Come on now, tell me

Can you feel it (yeah babe), can you feel it (come on), can you feel it?
(Can you see what's going down) Can you feel it, (Can you feel it in your bones)can you feel it, can you feel it? (yeah, yeah)

Every breath you take
Is someone's death in another place, yeah
Every healthy smile
Is hunger and strife to another child, yeah
But the stars do shine
In promising salvation is near this time, yeah, yeah
Can you feel it now, so brothers and sisters show we know how
Oh, Now tell me

Can you feel it, can you feel it, can you feel it? (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

(Can you see what's going down) Can you feel it, (Can you feel it in your bones) can you feel it, can you feel it? 

All the children of the world should be
Loving each other wholeheartedly
Yes, it's all right
Take my message to your brother and tell him twice (aha)
Tell the news to the marching men
Who're killing their brothers, when death won't do (oh, oh)
Yes we're all the same, Yes, the blood inside my vains is inside of you (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Now tell me

Can you feel it, can you feel it (can you feel it), can you feel it? (oh yeah)
(Can you see what's going down) Can you feel it, (Open up your mind) can you feel it, can you feel it? (can you feel it, yeah)

Can you feel it (heey), can you feel it (heey), can you feel it? (aha)
(Can you see what's going down) Can you feel it, (Open up your mind) can you feel it, can you feel it?

Can you feel it (yeah yeah), can you feel it (Can you take a look arround), can you feel it? (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, come on)
Can you feel it, can you feel it, can you feel it?
 

WEYDSON
