REESE'S PIECES, I DON'T KNOW WHO JOHN CLEESE IS?

Oh, it's a shame that I have to tape over
Those elysian smiles, I thought I'd keep forever
I remember it all like it was yesterday
Forget all, set it down, hit record
And back away... My intestines are fastening laces
Intolerable to fucking untangle
These vigilant eyes can't keep off the timekeepers
Second hand every angle

What's keeping you waiting?
Usually out before I open my eyes
Why did you pick today?
To depilate between your thighs

Are you waiting for his tongue to come?
And brush against your cleaned trimmed hair?
I hope he knows, that curvilinear gyrating space
Won't be the only thing he'll taste down there
Stop to think about it
If we've both flooded the same skin
You've tasted me
I've tasted you
Who knows how many places
My tongue has been?
My tongue has been

I left, you stayed, I hoped and prayed
That these nauseating thoughts weren't true
Before we met, I wouldn't bet
I would give up nihilism for you!
Nothing ever made sense
Was I even real?
Took everything wouldn't touch
And made me feel (hell yeah!)
I had all my faith in you
That you would never commit and act of deceit
To wake up in the ante meridian
Knowing there would be solid ground to support my feet

If it is alright (if it is alright) to conceal the truth
Then when does the concealment end, and lying begin?
Tell me when? Tell me when? This is a maudlin motion picture
A theme song in search of a movie
I've got the perfect script to match this tune
Who really knows what goes on in the afternoon?
Lets not ruin the surprise

I don't buy these incredulous denials
Do you think you've found the exit
To your escape? I really shouldn't be thinking this way
It would put my mind at ease
If I caught your ass on tape
They'll be no excuses, baby
I'll forward this to your friends and family

Maybe I should reconsider this diagnosis
Lets think things out before we conclude
Commonly a virtuoso at these procedures
But this was the saddest thing my eyes have ever viewed

The postmeridian hours that we performed
Seemed like such a perfunctory routine
But I can obviously tell by the footage here
That you're in love with his machine!
How could you do this to me?
Next time you won't get out so easily
Now that I know what I'm up against
I came prepared
Bat in hand behind the closest door I painfully stared
Say "hello" to this bark, in-between your teeth
Soon you will also be bleeding from underneath
It took balls to do what you've done
Having your manhood in your mouth is no fun
And as for you darling, you're going no where
It's kind of hard to move when you're tied to a chair

See there's a twist to this lovely
For you too see
What's hiding in your wardrobe
Isn't a shopping spree

Comes out to stilts supporting the wait of lust
I always thought you were someone I could always trust
Now watch this we smacking flesh
I'm sure you don't even care
But with your eyelids sown back to your brows
This leaves you forced to stare

With a wire wrapped around his neck
Tightly tied to a tree
There he stood on the top of the cliff
With his inanimate life, above the sea
He drinks his virulent drink
And sets himself on fire

Pulls the trigger though the midair
Misses his head and snaps the wire
Now choking and strangling in the water
His body begins to sink
Not only did that put out the flames
But he regurgitated his drink
This wasn't the worse thing that could happen... Yes, it is
We're dying slowing again... We're dying
Slowly again?

Stop, rewind, watch them die
(Oh, don't you love to play it back, and watch it all over?)
