NIGGAZ 4 LIFE

Why do I call myself a nigger, you ask me?
  Well it's because motherfuckers want to blast me
  And run me outa my neighborhood
  They label me as a dope dealer
  Yo! And say that I'm no good
  But I can't find jobs so niggers wouldn't have to go out
  Gave up some dope on the corner so they could show out
  When the cops came, they gave a fake name
  Because the life in the streets is just a head game
  So therefore, to make more
  A fifteen year old black kid will go and rob a liquor store
  And get shot in the process
  He ate up a nine bullet and now he's put to rest
 
  Why do I call myself a nigger, you ask me?
  I guess it's the way shit has to be
  Back when I was young gettin a job was murder
  Fuck flippin burgers
  'Cause a deserve a nine-to-five I can be proud of
  That I can speak loud of
  And to help a nigger get out of.
  Yo! The concrete playground
  But most motherfuckers only want you to stay down
  But I'm a smart motherfucker you see
  One of the best producers in the rap music industry
  Gettin paid like a mother fucker
  A young brother who don't give a fuck about another
 
  Why do I call myself a nigger, you ask me?
  Because police always wanna harass me
  Every time that I'm rollin
  They swear up and down that the car was stolen
  Make me get faced down in the street
  They throw the shit out my car on the concrete
  In front of a residence
  A million white motherfuckers on my back like I shot the President
 
  Why do I call myself a nigger, you ask me?
  Because my mouth is so mother fuckin nasty
  Bitch this, bitch that
  Nigger this, nigger that
  In the mean while my pockets are gettin fat
  Gettin paid to say this shit here
  Makin more in a week than a doctor makes in a year
  So, why not call myself a nigger?
  It's better than pulling the trigger and goin up the river
  And don't I get called a nigger anyway?
  Booked as a motherfucker and locked away
  So... so, cut out all that bull shit
  Yo! I guess I'll be a nigga for life
 
   { Niggers, crack-heads, thieves.
     If there's a hell below, we're all gonna go. }
 

  Nigger. Nigger. Nigger
  Nigger. Nigger
  Nigger, please
  I'm treated like a fuckin disease. 
  You say: why can I call myself a nigger so quick?
  Cause I can reach in my draws and pull out a bigger dick
  Yo! niggers say nigger we cool
  But, cracker say nigger not to fuck up
  But I got to be a fast nigger
  Not to be the last nigger
  Or I have to beat your ass, nigger
  In the city you see action first
  Then hear about it later
  In a verse I curse
  Because I [?] with this to keep my shit straight bumpin'
  Murder created by the streets of Compton
  I get it from the underground poet
  I live it, I see it, and I write it
  Because I know it
  And if you think I'm fucking your wife
  Your mother fuckin' right
  Yo! Because I'm a nigger for Life
 
  Nigger, this
  Nigger, that
  The actual fact is that I'm black
  And bound to attract
  The attention of another
  I mean the other
  But I'm a mother fucker that'll have them running for cover
  You see, I don't give a fuck about nothing
  Except getting paid, getting bitches, and [?] with stitches
  Which is all needed to read it and find a rhyme
  And then it's time to say
  The nigger's here to stay
  But what about the fake niggers, the house niggers
  To get paid quick they gotta suck a fat dick
  But Nwa is outta your mother fuckin' range
  We ain't gonna change a mother fuckin' thing
 
  I call myself a nigger 'cause my skin won't whiten
  I call myself a nigger 'cause the shit that I'm writing
  Hypes me, hypes other mother fuckers around me
  And that's the reason why they want to surround me
  And ask me: why do I call myself a nigger-o
  Ain't none of their fuckin' business 'cause I'll let the trigger go
  So get out of my presence, and get out of my sight
  'Cause Mc Ren is a nigger for Life
 
  You're a nigger 'til you die
  If you're a poor nigger, then you're a poor nigger
  If you're a rich nigger, you're a rich nigger
  But you never stop being a nigger
  And if you get to be educated, you's an education nigger
 
  It's plain to see, you can't change me
  'Cause I'm a be a nigger for Life
