A BITCH IS A BITCH

[Eazy-E]
Oh, shit. I guess there's one less bitch you gotta worry about.

[Narrator]
Let's describe a certain female. A female with the disease of character 
and attitude. If you will, a snob. However, in a view of NWA...

[Ice Cube]
A bitch is a bitch (bitch)
So if I'm poor or rich (word up)
I talk in the exact same pitch 
Now, the title bitch don't apply to all women
But all women have a little bitch in 'em (yeah)
It's like a disease that's plagues their character
Takin' the women of America (yeah)
And it starts with a letter B
It makes a girl like that think she better than me (bitch)
See, some get mad and some just bury
But, yo, if the shoe fits wear it (wear it)
It makes 'em go deaf in the ear 
That's why when you say 'hi' she won't say 'hi'
Are you the kind that think you're too damn fly?
Bitch eat shit 'n die (ha, ha)
Ice cube comin' at you at crazy pitch
(Why?) I think a bitch is a bitch

'Who the fuck you think you're callin' a bitch you little sorry muthafucka? 
I dunno who the fuck you think you're talkin' to. Let me tell you one 
muthafuckin' thang, I'm not a...' [Eazy E] 'Bitch, shut the fuck up.'

Yo, you can tell a girl that's out for the money (How?)
She look good and the bitch walk funny
She ain't no dummy she's rather conniving
Yo, bitch fuck when I'm driving
See a young nigga that's striving
You're thru' without a BMW 
That's why a bitch is a bitch
I guess, or either P-M-S
Here, test the girl that's kinda snobby (a'ight)
And I bet you disin niggas is her hobby 
And after she finished the test 
Write today a B-I-T-C-H
And watch her get mad 'cause she know it's true (she know it)
But a nigga like me, I say 'fuck you' 
Do like Ice Cube, slam her ass in a ditch (slam her ass)
'Cause a bitch is a bitch 

'Why I gonna be a bitch?'
'I ain't call you no bitch. If you'd listen to a goddamn song it'd tell 
you what a bitch is.'
'Fuck the song 'cause I'm not no muthafuckin' bitch.'
'I didn't say you was a bitch.'
'Fuck you, punk-ass nigga!'
'Fuck you, bitch!
'Fuck you! Who the fuck you think you are?
'Fuck you! Suck my dick, bitch!

I once knew a bitch who got a slack
'Cause she playing me like she was all that 
A bitch can be your best friend talking behind your back (yeah)
About who's fucking who and who's getting fat
Look at yourself for me, (look bitch)
Now do you fall in this category?
Or you're the kind that won't bleak 
'Cause you don't think, your shit stinks 
Luckily I haven't had a drink
'Cause I'll down you ass
Than I'll clown your ass
'Cause the niggas I hang with ain't rich (I ain't rich)
We're all saying 'Fuck you bitch!' (Word up!)
Now, what I can do with a hoe like you 
Bend your ass over then I'm thru'
Cause you see Ice Cube ain't takin' no shit 
(Why?) 'Cause I think a bitch is a bitch

[Narrator]
There you have it. The description of a bitch. Now ask yourself, 
are they talking about you? Are you that funky, dirty, money-hungry, 
scandalous, stuck-up, hair piece contact wearing bitch? Yep, you 
probably are.

Bitch!

