HIDING AGAIN

How can I know that the world here is for real.
Open this heart, that always will conseal the love I feel.
I'm breaking all the rules there is to break.
I'm living just for living's sake.
Falling apart like a puzzle in a storm.
The fire so bright that used to keep me warm it doesn't
even glow. The ashes and the ground will soon unite
and then the stars will be my only light.
Reminding me of glorious days upon the seven seas.
But the memories are bound to fade to grey, to fade
away.

The night will come and take me home to where my heart
belongs. Dreaming of the waves that could ease my
pain and to hear a seabird song. Oh God it is so hard
to defy my agae but I wish that you can see that I live to
see the harbour and the seaweed again and let the
might oceans bury me.
No I won't open up my eyes until I'm where I wanna
be. And the voice of the horizon It spoke unto me.
-I will set you free!

Leave me alone, let me die in solitude.
I am withering away like a water-lily, my bitter soul is
nude.
Disorder on the ship, it's mutiny. My sadened heart
will walk the plank, toward my destiny.

I am I just hiding again?
I am I just hiding again?
If you can see through all the lies,
I'll always be here, but in my fantasies
I am someone else.
I am I just hiding again?
I am I just hiding again?
And I know reality will always be here
to remind me that there's no answer.

I am I just hiding again?...
I am I just hiding again?
If you can see through all the lies,
I'll always be here, but in my fantasies
I am someone else...
I am I just hiding again?
I am I just hiding again?
And I know reality will always be here
to remind me that I am someone else.

Stranded, but there's an ocean in my heart.
I am just the one man, and I was born to
face the truth. Standing at the point of no
return. I see the fire heading for my bridge to burn.
Well you've never laid hands on another man
although you love to see them drown.
You can never escape don't you understand that
I will be around, around, wherever you hide.
