DA GIRLZ, THEY LUV ME

[R.A. the Rugged Man]
People say I'm a disgrace to the human race
I love overweight women when they sit on my face
I'm no opposite, overweight, obese
No peace, when we come call police
Trash talk, now you got no teeth
Who I be? Rugged-Rock-the-Party
One shot, leave your legs bubbly
I'm the 2004 version of Heavy D
I'm a fat fuck but girls, the girls, they love me
Yeah I know, I'm dirty and crusty
And ugly, and I smell real bad
But bitches still fuck me
Yeah you might heard about me and
My wild ass crew
The Port Jeff house ??? the Long Island zoo

[Chorus]
Hey, yeah, yeah-yah, "Girls... The girls"
The girls, the girls, the girls
Hey, yeah, yeah-yah
Hey, yeah, yeah-yah, "Girls... The girls"
The girls, the girls, the girls, the girls they love me
Hey, yeah, yeah-yah

Hey, yeah, yeah-yah, "Girls... The Girls"
The girls, the girls, the girls
Hey, yeah, yeah-yah
Hey, yeah, yeah-yah, "Girls... The Girls"
The girls, the girls, they love me
"Oohaaa"

[R.A. the Rugged Man]
Now why you wanna try to get funky on me?
And there ain't nobody out here that is as hungry as me
I'm a top ten all time dope MC
You got Chuck D, Rakim, Daddy Kane and Kool G
But right after that you gotta mention me
The most underrated artist of the century
In controversy, I'm Eminem to the tenth degree
Those bullets that hit 'Pac were probably meant for me
They call me R.A. "Mr. Burnin Bridges" Rugged Man
At the record label with a shotgun in my hand
American lowlife, dirtbag, my team
I'm the ugliest motherfucker you ever seen

[Chorus]

[R.A. the Rugged Man]
I'm the modern day Busby Berkeley
Reincarnated from early 1930's
Steal your bitch, dirty hit your girlie
Slap my dick on your mouth, givin you the birdie
Pell-ass squirtin ??? on your bitch stomach
You must have not heard me
I'm the ???, world's most dirty
I'm in my man basement
Beggin for free studio,and some free beats
I paid my dues, here's my receives
When you hear the ill voice stick mad bass in
Rip your bitch drawers off, put my face in it
Fingerfuck, do the worm breakdance in it
When I'm done leave the crib
Shake hands with it

[Chorus]
