50,000 HEADS

(feat. Sadat X)

[R.A. the Rugged Man sampled from "Every record label sucks dick":]
"There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this
The rest are clue-less to what real hip hop music is"

[Verse 1: Sadat X]
Now what I expect
It' s spin a lost on some vile shit
And the same rap jams is what slams on the radio
Why I have to pay my wage to be played on 97
When I've been doin this shit on stage since I was 11?
I be the underground king, the fighter, ???
And the promo dates, is what the black man hates
Now to me I should been platinum 
Or at least should gone gold, but I ain't
So I got to keep my soldiers on the street, so we can eat
Hey this program's directed at the radio who can't feel me
??? jam out shit, when I'm tryin' to be legit
I am the legendary and I vary like the flavours from Ben & Jerry
One foot is in the street, the other in the studios
Sometimes I wake up late at night, and don't know which way to go
Should I ???, or keep fightin public housin
Or get my homeboys out of jail for tryin' to sell the skill
Overfail on some own real rap shit
I kick for niggas on stage that don't have shit
R.A. what's the lesson for the day, Rugged Man?
Should we ignore the scan that influence the record sales
And we need money right here, motherfuckers, say what

[Chorus]
[R.A.] "There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this"
[Sadat X] "One foot is in the street, the other in the studios"

"There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this
[R.A.] The rest are clue-less to what real hip hop music is"

[Verse 2: R.A. the Rugged Man]
Hey, noh-how
Now who these kids think they are? Don't sweat those kids
They're tryin to ruin our careers
When I've been doin this rap stuff for 10 years
I can't remember any time that was worst
They tried to treat me like Heavy D
And said I couldn't curse
Get hit up, get your head split up
No matter Foxy Brown or Little Kim in bed up
I can tell any freaky bitch to up leave the spot ???
The opposite of heaven is what we livin
The ??? envious cats always be sweatin my position
I'ma live life to the fullest till I die, is my religion
We gon' beat down your whole cypher if your freestyle ain't hittin
I could diss though or not work
R.A. the Rugged, Sadat X 
I'm top 5 lyrically, if you ain't listin me you dissin me
49 wins with no losses
Heavyweights know who the boss is
Disrespect, don't want to fight down with the causes (Hey, hey noh-how)
I make this come back in '97
Y'all lyricists who hip hop is your ??? back in '97
Don't play me, I react violently now in '97
Ignorant minds best to speak silently now in '97
R.A. the Rugged Man, hated by everyone
Yo, yo, that's why I'm here yo
Yeah, we in here, we in here

[R.A.] "There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this"
[Sadat X] "One foot is in the street, the other in the studios"

"There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this
[R.A.] The rest are clue-less to what real hip hop music is"
