WHO DAT

Who dat who dat, the nigga you been waitin 4.
I mean the shit was all bad just a week ago.
Rappers is bull shittin. Fuck it,
I ain?t hatin though
Cuz now a nigga hot enough to
Fuck with one of satin?s hoes/

And she cant tell the difference.
I been through hell? conditions.
Wishin for air conditions
Feelin god was never listenin.
Now i?m on television
And did i fail to mention?

Your bitche is tired of missionary,
Boy you failed the mission.
Speakin of positions? just witness
How i elevated. Real niggas celebrate it, finger-fuck
Whoever hate it. My life accelerated,
But had to wait my turn. But then i redecorated,

Hat means my tables turn. Live life, might as well,
Only way to learn. Is try and fail clientele
The only way to earn. So if you?re sellin crack..
Or if you?re sellin rap. Make sure it?s mean
So them fiends keep on trailin back.

(chorus)

Who dat who dat bitch i got the flame (x3)
So don't worry bout no muthafuckin name

[verse 2]

The mind state of a winner.
When you thinkin bout summertime
I?m thinkin bout the winter.
When you thinkin bout breakfast,
I?m heatin up my dinner. I was plottin this
Moment back when yall was ridin spinners.
Now i?m a menace. God as my witness, with this pen i?m insane, yup.
Hungry like the nigga who ain?t got the taste of fame yet.

Cloud told me ?ain?t you roc? Well? where the fuck yo chain at?
Guess it?s somethin like your girl, it ain't came yet.
The man make the chain chain don't make the man
How many niggas do we know with hella ice but yet they lame
The cloth from which we came me and them is not the same

Like we all headed to spain, they took the boat nigga i took the plane.Dang
That boy sick.Now hoes on his joystick. 
Heatin up like may weather dog
I?m on that floyyd shyt.
Boy stick, to ya day job.
Said you was hot but they lied.
Is that ya girl? Well i just g?d her/jeter no a rod.

(chorus)

(andre 3000)
Now who else wanna **** with hollywood cole

[verse 3]
The lil engine that could
This lil nigga is good
Rappers claiming they sick i heal niggas for good
A couple of yall ain't took a field trip to the hood

Ay me i'm fresh prince i'm will smith to the hood baby!
Ain't sayin names but we not the same
All that money and the fame don't change the fact that u lame
Might wanna grab you a chain wanna tip up your hat
Might wanna purchase some game homie your shit is so wack!!!
I got my finger on the trigger tell that nigga hold datt
Boy i'm picture perfect baby you can check the kodak

Hey so anything you can do i can do better
And any chick you can screw i can get wetter
I'm young black get to live my life on the run!
Bet ya bottom dollar before i'm done
They say that i'm the oneeeeeee
Yeah nigga i'm the onee ha!!
