BRING MY BOTTLES

You in this vip and you ain't spending
No money get the fuck out
We need them bottles. Sparkle something
Say you ballin', boy, we gon' need the proof
We be two steppin', mix the effen with the juice
Me, I know just what to do to get 'em loose
Me, I know just what to do to get 'em loose
Shorty think I'm trickin' cause she got a pair of shoes
I was just stuntin', man, this bitch here confused
Me, I know just what to do to get 'em loose
Me, I know just what to do to get 'em loose

Fuck you know 'bout bustin' down a brick?
Your main ho always think that you around a bitch
Picked up a pack and I ain't look back since '96
Since then I've been addicted to designer shit
Chopper in the parkin' lot, I'm tryna find a lick
Come up on a thousand pounds, that's my kind of rich
Independent, I don't need no nigga with me
I do everything quickly, don't believe me? Ask 50
I got game for these hoes, can't no broke bitch trick me
And can fit a hundred bands in these navy blue dickies

I pull up and my car ain't got no roof
All these bitches say that I'm the truth
I know just what to do to get 'em loose
Can you please bring my bottles to my booth?
Can you please bring my bottles to my booth?
Can you please bring my bottles to my booth?
I know just what to do to get 'em loose
Can you please bring my bottles to my booth?

Hundred bottles with the sparklers, light it up
Bottles in the air, fuck them niggas buyin' cups
Louis the 13th, I drink rich nigga shit
Turn one into two quick, I do tricks with the bricks
Extra clip on my hip, all my niggas with the shits
It's the unit in this bitch, I'm 50 rich, now who you with?
G-unit, lazy niggas don't want to pop no bottles
Yayo keep sayin', "nigga, what's a thousand dollars"

She must don't plan on stayin' if she don't swallow
Dm'd her friend on instagram and told that bitch to holler
Dopeboy, bitch, I ain't playin', I fuck with guala
And I don't fuck with rappers, bein' honest
I fuck with them strippers, be at onyx
Them starlets and them les hoes, your bitch is garbage
Them king of diamond bitches, ain't they gorgeous?
Drop head phantom and I'm sittin' on forgi's
It's the unit, man. We back
Young buck. Cashville, ten-a-key, nigga. Yeah
