FEEL GOOD

[50 Cent]
Yayo

[Tony Yayo]
Yeah man. You know, you know like, the cars, you know,
foreign cars, european cars, the jewlery, you know what Im sayin,
the big homes, we do all this shit for the bitches if you think about it.
Even down to the shape ups to the sneakers man.

[Lloyd Banks]
You know how it goes, money, hoes and clothes!

[Tony Yayo]
Shit man, you know my motto man..

[50 Cent]
Whats your motto?

[Chorus, Tony Yayo, 50 Cent]
I keep sayin I dont love these hoes, I keep sayin I dont love these hoes
Man I dont love em man..
I keep sayin I dont love these hoes, I keep sayin I dont love these hoes
But she make me feel good! Ma you make me feel good! Man, she make
me feel good! Girl, you make me feel good! Bitch, you make me feel good!
Ma you make me feel good! Man, she make
me feel good! Girl, you make me feel good! Girl, you make me feel good!

[Verse 1, Tony Yayo]
Macavalli, bitch, stay in LA, and my prada mami live in BK
You know my Chloe hoe, she hold it fo-fo, buy her a bag,
she ride it like a rodeo. I miss my Fendy chick, used to be a
Wendys bitch. I had to supersize her, now she lookin proper
The price of good pussy aint always worth it, it can make
you insane or get you murdered
And shorty layin on her back while you blowin tro, so dont
trust her big butt and her smile, and shorty layin on her
back while you blowin tro, so dont trust her big butt and
smile, you heard me?

[Chorus, Tony Yayo, 50 Cent]

[Verse 2, 50 Cent]
Special, Im a special kinda nigga, look at my life baby girl,
everything is bigger. The stash is bigger, my cash is bigger,
Your friends cupid cute for me you see your ass is bigger
Im into bigger things, me I like bigger shit, a nigga
stuntin front of me I buy a bigger whip. The beat pop off,
Im lettin of a bigger clip, we swallow champagne, them niggas
takin lil sips
I fucked a white bitch, she said I had a lil dick, she had a big
pussy, a real real big kid
I buy big cribs, man Im flyin big jets, motherfucker Im as big
as big and big gets


[Chorus, Tony Yayo, 50 Cent]

[Verse 3, Lloyd Banks]
They say Banks I love you, and I say I love me too
They throwin it right at me, what the fuck am I
supposed to do?
But turn her so I regular, and a couple of overdo
When Im done, what I do, Im dumpin her on the crew
And this is everyday, It wont stop till Im old Im gray
And Im droppin the MIA
pop when Im on my stage
shop then Im on my way
First class to the A, I got a show later today, thats
more people to play
Im too grown for Ricky shit, Too colored to get pussy whip
Keep a extra bitch around in case you want a pussy lick
That Id never do, thats unedible, I got somethin better boo,
my pipe game incredible.

[Chorus, Tony Yayo, 50 Cent]

[Verse 4, Young Buck]
She calls me daddy, carries my Louis Vuitton luggage, Frank Muellers
my wrist, and shes usin your money
These round trip flights
Dennies and Benihanas, Im callin more bitches then Azer Thomas
And she love it, them other hoes hate her, and plus I hear
Game is better then Fantasia
Shorty I dont love you, Im just feelin good,
I know I said Id buy it, did you think I really would?
You know Im still hood, 6 o clock, Jack in a box with your bitch
at the drive through, you know how I do, so lets ride boo
We gon see, I be Brad Pitt, you be Angelina Jolie
Or Jay Z and B
Haha

[Chorus, Tony Yayo, 50 Cent]
