OOH (REMIX)

[50 Cent]
50 Cent
Mary J. Blige
G-Unit!

Baby let's shine where we can shine
And ball where we can ball
Sharin' sometime together we not promised tomorrow
Know the difference between love and lust
Lustin' for your love f'na to feel your touch
Baby I'm grown, I'm not goin' through a phase
Let's talk, the touch could be brains in both ways
Now could you tell me, what's a king without a queen
I'm usin' metaphors, what's me without you is what I mean

[Mary J. Blige]
In the middle of the night, you hold me tight
Said it's alright, I'm yours forever
I'll do what you want, if you don't hurt me
I'll cook and clean, I'll make you happy
and.

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Ooh! (What you do to me)
Ooh! (You're my everything)
and Ooh! (I'm so glad I found you)
Ooh! (I can't be without you)

[Mary J. Blige]
Got a chill in my bones, and it's all for you babe
Can't leave you alone, I'm so addicted
I can't sanctify, its the sweetest pain
So who's your girl?
You better say my name

[Llyod Banksl
It feels like I made it to heaven when I'm inside her
And we ain't gotta keep no secrets cuz she's a rider
She got a hold of her kid that's tighter than yo' pliers
And I got her hittin' notes that's higher than Mariah's
Maybe I'm jumpin' or gunnin', maybe I'm crazy
Maybe she's movin' too fast, maybe I'm lazy
She's kind'a different you know
Her body shape'll make you wanna take a trip in the snow

[Young Buck]
My thug luv got her, the way I put it down
Got you callin' on my phone when ya man not around
Shorty I know what you like and we don't have fight
You ain't gotta be trippin', you know I'm comin' home tonight
Tried to warn ya bout a playa, but she ain't wanna listen
Till I got ya in the bedroom, huggin' and kissin'
I got what ya missin', put you in the position
Now you hollerin' and screamin', talkin' bout how I did ya
Come on baby

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Ooh! (What you do to me)
Ooh! (You're my everything)
and Ooh! (I'm so glad I found you)
Ooh! (I can't be without you)

[Mary J. Blige]
What you do to me (What you do to me)
Is just a mystery (Heyy Heyyy)
Its hard to believe, that you are here with me
Makin' all my dreams (Makin' all my dreams)
Have seen reality (Seen reality)
All my life I've tried
To find what's best for me

[Chorus 2x]
Ooh! (What you do to me)
Ooh! (You're my everything)
and Ooh! (I'm so glad I found you)
Ooh! (I can't be without you)
