TOO LATE

I-I guess my question is do you
do you think it's too late for me?
what?

I mean a-a-a-a-a-a-am I just doomed to be the person that I am?
th-the person in that book?
it's not too late for me, is it?
it's not too late?
diane, I need you to tell me that it's not too late
bojack, I
I-I-I-I need you to tell me that I'm a good person
I know that I can be selfish and narcissistic and
self-destructive, but underneath all that, deep down
I'm a good person, and I need you to tell me that I'm good
diane? tell me, please, diane
tell me that I'm good

tell me is it too late to change
don't say that I'm trapped in my old ways
I've been going through some moods swings today
so don't bother to ask if I'm okay
food stains on my sweater, what do you think?
been running low on gas in my fuel tank
mood gray as the weather when it do rain
feel like I've been lacking the p-ssion to do things

stuck in my coc-n
I'm consumed by the feeling that I'm running out of room
like I can't breathe
like I need to bloom and escape from this place that I'm trapped in
flapping my wings as the b-tterfly I can be
tell me in this metaphor
can I morph to a new me to leave behind any regrets that'll beset me
I'm not defined by my past, right?

I know that I'm a sad sight
didn't get a wink of sleep last night
thinking about all the mistakes that I've made
that I'll take to my grave if I stay in this place where I lack light
can't quite figure out
how to escape from my chrysalis
at war, like a sweepstakes, never winning this
battle of betterment
fighting the sadness and bitterness
developed from the habits I've settled in

I wish I wasn't introverted
I wish that I would talk more
wish I wasn't awkward
I wish I didn't end up hurting
all the people who I'm close to
who I've been acting cold to

I promise that it's inadvertent
I wish that I could show you the struggles that I go through
I need you to give me courage
yea, I need you to help me
I need you to tell me
tell me

tell me is it too late to change
don't say that I'm trapped in my old ways
I've been going through some moods swings today
so don't bother to ask if I'm okay
food stains on my sweater, what do you think?
been running low on gas in my fuel tank
mood gray as the weather when it do rain
feel like I've been lacking the p-ssion to do things, oh
