RAPE SONG

Home's not an happy place, if you live three blocks away
And you hate to walk the same sidewalk home,
Every fucking night again.
She knew that it was coming when
She saw the group of men coming near,
They kicked her in the face,
Raped haer and laughting they desappear.
A wound inside her heart,
The scar they left behind,
She will never be the same,
With a stigma of fear and shame.
The pool of blood, bones break,
Twist and turn, they will never learn...
And she will never be the same again.
That night there was nothing to hide
And each one of them took his time to her,
They rapped and kicked the hell out of her.
They said "she asked for it, she just got
What she deserved". they just turned off their
Fucking brains and invited the devil over.
A wound inside her heart,
The scar they left behind,
She will never be the same,
With a stigma off fear and shame.
The pool of blood, bones break, twist and turn,
They will never learn...and she will never be the same again.
Rape, what have you done to her? "she made me do it",what?
You have no brains? "i'm nou insane" i did was rape by them!
I'm not insane!","she wanted me to do it" ... it was so easy,
It was so fun, they all enjoyed, all but one.
He stood and watched it because of "them" afraid they would
Say "you're not a man". when his turn come he didn't turn back,
Didn´t walk away, didn´t fight back. blood on his hands? yes!
You're guilty, weak dumb ass. there was no witness, no case,
Nothing just pain. teras run down as thick as blood,
They walked away - no justice done. the streets would not
Besafer even if they would go to jain,
In prison they will rape another or will be raped themselves,
Prtotect yourselfs and your friends, be sober and alert.
Education is the key, end all sexism so we can all be free.
Rape, what have you done to her? "she made me do it",what?
You have no brains? "i'm nou insane" i did was rape by them!
I'm not insane!","she wanted me to do it"...
A wound inside her heart, the scar they left behind,
She will never be the same, with a stigma of fear and shame.
The pool of blood, bones break, twist and turn,
They will learn...and she will never be the same again...
Never again! rape! stand strong, stay free!
